Jake Paul's Team 10 Is Falling Apart
Something is rotten in the state of California: One of YouTubeís most divisive stars, Jake Paul, appears to have alienated some of the closest members of his social media squad, Team 10.
At least two of Team 10ís biggest on-screen talent, including its chief operating officer, have left Paulís group of creators in the past week. The squad, which includes a handful of core characters and a smattering of supporting members who flit in and out of the videos, are led by Paul. Theyíre arguably the biggest such collective of creators on YouTube, and are going on tour in a matter of weeks, making the riftósupposedly caused by a reshuffling of the behind-the-scenes crewóeven more damaging.
This past weekend, Nick Crompton, one of the co-founders of Team 10 and its chief operating officer, left the company.
ìDue to internal changes being made within our various businesses that I donít agree with, I have resigned both as chief executive officer and talent,î Crompton said in a statement released through his Twitter account. ìI still love my Team 10 family but the vision for the business, people involved and direction itís going in no longer makes sense to me.î
23-year-old Crompton moved from England to Los Angeles in late 2016 to join Paulís YouTube group, after working for Social Chain, a UK-based social media marketing agency as the head of talent.
On May 7th, Crompton was followed by Chance Sutton, a childhood friend of Paulís who moved to California a little over a year ago from Ohio, and has been part of a YouTube double-act with another hometown friend, Anthony Trujillo.
ìI believe it is in the best interest for the future of my career that I start to focus on myself,î Sutton wrote in his own statement posted to Twitter.
The pain of the departures will be dented somewhat by a provision in the standard Team 10 contract which gives Paul a cut of future earnings on YouTube from ex-members of the squad, but both the departing statements give some insight into the troubles with Team 10. An unnamed source told the DramaAlert YouTube channel, the TMZ of YouTube, that Greg Paul, the Paul brothersí father, has taken over the running of both his sonsí businesses and introduced a significant cost-cutting regime, including significant layoffs in backroom staff. 
The Paul brothersí father is also alleged to be an abrasive character, which appears to have been confirmed by a tweet made yesterday by Crompton in response to Greg Paul. ìPeople had issue[s] with being verbally abused, watching their coworkers be fired around them and not being kept in the loop,î Crompton tweeted.
Greg Paulís self-described ìinternal business auditî may be necessary: Creating viral content can be costly. Paul has been sued at least twice: One for allegedly wrecking the mansion he and Team 10 previously lived in, for which heís on the hook for $2.5 million, and the other for emotional and physical damage after a prank involving honking a car horn at the public. He also purposefully broke the windshield of a $292,000 Ferrari for a video which was then involved in an alleged false insurance claim.
The new managementís cutbacks to back office staffówhich, DramaAlert claims, were carried out in a ruthless fashionóresulted in disquiet among some members of Team 10. ìThis whole thing is all falling apart around Jakeís feet,î Daniel ìKeemstarî Keem, DramaAlertís host, told audiences.
Team 10 is one part of a suite of businesses the younger Paul brother operates in an attempt, he says, to become the Dr. Dre of YouTube.
Thank You!
You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason.



It began in August 2016, and has seen significant turnover in on-camera talent in the 20-odd months it has existed.
Paul started Team 10 (the name, by Paulís own admission, doesnít mean anything) with six other creators, none of whom are still part of the group today. One, Alissa Violet, a former flame, subsequently released a platinum-selling ìdiss trackî (YouTubeís first ever) with another popular YouTuber, RiceGum, which accused Paul of bullying and infidelity.
With these latest departures, at least 13 former members of Team 10 are no longer part of the group. According to DramaAlert, at least another two members of Paulís entourageóincluding his personal videographeróare rumored to be leaving the group shortly.
There has long been tension within the Team 10 business model, which appears on the surface to be a collaborative effort but in reality exists to further the Jake Paul brand. In part, this is down to the simple reality of the comparative fanbases that each creator brings to the group: Sutton has 2.6 million subscribers to his joint channel with Trujillo, compared to Paulís near-15 million followers. (Crompton, who has never really been a standalone on-screen talent, has just shy of half a million subscribers.) But at times, the other members of Team 10 are little more than background actors for Paulís vlogs. Theyíre often compelled to wear his merchandise and mill around in the background while he addresses the camera; for a time, Paul took to blurring out any Team 10 member who appeared in his videos not wearing his merch.
For YouTube watchers, Paulís public persona has become increasingly money-grabbing in recent weeks. Paul has become one of the first non-gaming YouTubers to utilize YouTubeís sponsorship widget, which allows subscribers to financially support their favorite creators through a recurring monthly payment (a similar version of which exists for those streaming gaming on the channel.)
The sponsorship tool was introduced by YouTube in response to a number of creators, including cultural commentator Phil DeFranco, a kind of Jon Stewart for YouTube with 6.1 million subscribers, grousing about declining ad revenues and a number turning to Patreon, which operates the same model, to supplement their YouTube income. Itís also an attempt to head off creators migrating to Twitch, which offers similar financial incentives.
Last weekend, Paul sent out a ëpersonalizedí email to people who have previously bought some of his merchandise encouraging them to become what he calls a ìsuper subî. In exchange for $4.99 a month, fans who sponsor Paul on YouTube will get access to ìexclusive merch sales, extra content, live streamsî and the chance to help him design new merch and have input on new vlogs. ìSo stoked for this!î Paul writes.
Heís also struggling to sell out venues on the 21-date Team 10 tour, which begins in two weeks. The tour promises ìlive musical performances, audience participation, special guests, games and challengesîóessentially, Paulís crazy YouTube videos made into flesh. More than 500 tickets remain available for the opening night of the tour, May 22nd, at Phoenix, AZís Comerica Theater. The event is only using one of the three tiers of seats available at the 5,000 capacity venue.
Thatís not the only worry the YouTuber will have about his upcoming tour. With these latest departures from Team 10, Paul may struggle to fill the stage, never mind the seats.
200-acre wildfire burning between Douglas and Willcox
TUCSON, Ariz. - A wildfire,†which started in the area south of Pinery Canyon, is burning in the Chiricahua Mountains 12 miles east of Douglas.†
As of 6:00 p.m. Saturday officials said the fire had grown to 675 acres.
According to Forestry officials, the fire has been determined to be human-caused as the investigation continues.†
Cochise County Sheriff's Office Public Information Officer Carol Capas†said a grassfire started in the area†around 1:30 p.m. on Saturday.
Several campground sites were evacuated due to the Pinery Fire as of 2:00 p.m.

According to the @NPSFireSW, Chiricahua National Monument has been evacuated and is closed due to the #PineryFire #CochiseCounty #AZFire @CoronadoNF #AZStateFire
ó AZ State Forestry (@azstateforestry) May 13, 2018
Capas says there are no emergency lodging facilities open at this time "due to the small number of evacuees who are also equipped as campers."
Crews are working to get the fire under control.


New fire report in SAZ, #PineryFire est. 200 acres, burning 12 miles east of Douglas @azstateforestry, @CoronadoNF, @NPSFireSW working suppression. VLAT ordered. #CochiseCounty #AZFire #AZStateFire
ó AZ State Forestry (@azstateforestry) May 12, 2018
Meanwhile, wildfire crews in northern Arizona are still working to contain the Viewpoint Fire near Chino Valley, which as of Saturday afternoon was 80 percent contained. That fire has burned up to 5,100 acres and has destroyed several vehicles and homes.†
Forward progression was halted Friday afternoon.
Letter: Is a blue wave really coming?
We continually hear about a "blue wave" coming this fall. I believe that is a lot of wishful thinking by Democrats, including the media.
Total unemployment and womenís unemployment are at 17-year lows.
Black and Hispanic unemployment are at all-time lows.
Part-time jobs for economic reasons are down 800,000 since Trump took office to the lowest level in 10 years.
The U-6 unemployment rate is down from 9.4 percent when Trump took office to 7.8 percent, the lowest rate since 2006.
U.S. private-sector workers received the biggest pay raise in 11 years in the first three months of the year.
In January 2016 CBO projected economic growth for 2018 to be 2.3†percent and for 2019 to be 1.9 percent. Now they project GDP will expand by 3.3†percent in 2018 and 2.4 percent in 2019. Why are the CBO long-term projections trusted since their predictions are so far off?
The consumer confidence index is 128.7 percent. In October 2016 when people thought Hillary Clinton would win it was 98.6 percent.
The small business optimism index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5 percent of 45 years of survey readings at 104.7 in March. In October 2016 it was 94.9 percent.
After Obama won in 2008 the media said Republicans wouldnít win again unless they moved left. Instead we got the tea party and from 2010 until today the Republicans picked up over 1,000 seats nationwide.
Why would the majority want to go to higher taxes and more regulations when the economy is doing so well?
Jack Hellner
Springfield
MEA Specialty Chemicals Market is Projected to Reach $15,491.2 Million by 2023: P&S Market Research | Kaplan Herald
NEW YORK, May 11, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) ó According to the market research report published by PS Market Research, the††is projected to reach $15,491.2 million by 2023, the market growth is mainly driven by the growing oil production, increasing usage of agrochemicals, and rising construction activities in the region.

Specialty chemicals are also known as performance chemicals. They are used as ingredients in the manufacturing processes of consumer and industrial goods. These are low volume chemical products, which add significant value to different products. These chemicals can be used for producing a variety of products, including detergents, paints, electronics, and petroleum products.

On the basis of type, the lubricant and oil field chemicals category has been holding the largest share in the MEA specialty chemicals market, because of its extensive use in the production of crude oil. The revival in the prices of crude oil and its growing demand from major oil importing countries is attributing to the largest share of the category in the MEA specialty chemicals market.

Request to get the sample pages: 

MEA has some of the largest oil producing countries in the world, namely, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, and Algeria. These countries are also among the largest exporters of crude oil in the world and would continue to invest in the exploration and development of new oil fields. Owing to this, the demand for specialty chemicals used in oil fields is expected to rise in the region. Also, rising demand for specialty chemicals in the production of automotive lubricants is also expected to boost the MEA specialty chemicals market during the coming years.

Saudi Arabia has been leading the MEA specialty chemicals market, with a contribution of more than 60.0% revenue in 2017. The country is one of the largest producers of crude oil and is home to fast growing automotive and construction industries, both of which are major end users of specialty chemicals. The expansion of end user industries is expected to further boost the specialty chemicals market in the country, in the coming years.

Agriculture is the dominant sector across majority of African nations. With advancement in agricultural practices, farmers in different African nations are shifting to modern agricultural practices, such as the use of fertilizers, insecticides, pesticides, fungicides, and other agrochemicals. These agrochemicals are used during the different stages of farming in order to improve soil fertility, and prevent crop damage due to environmental factors, weed growth, and pests. The growth in the consumption of different types of agrochemicals would further boost the growth of the MEA specialty chemicals market.

Browse report overview with detailed TOC on†ìMEA Specialty Chemicals Market by Type (Agrochemicals, Construction Chemicals, Specialty Coatings, Surfactants, Food Additives, Polymer Additives, Electronic Chemicals, Cleaning Chemicals, Plastic Additives, Paper  Textile Chemicals, Adhesive  Sealants, Lubricant  Oilfield Chemicals) by Geography (Saudi Arabia, South Africa) ñ Market Size, Share, Development, Growth, and Demand Forecast, 2013ñ2023î†at:

The demand for the product in the developed countries of the region has reached the maturity stage, owing to the saturate demand from end user industries. However, the demand of specialty chemicals in developing countries, particularly in African nations, has witnessed a rapid rise in recent years, mainly from the agriculture, electronics, and construction sectors. This allows the manufacturers to tap the potential in these developing countries and offers high growth opportunities for the MEA specialty chemicals market.

Some of the major players operating in the MEA specialty chemicals market are Saudi Basic Industries Corporation (SABIC), Sadara Chemical Company, Saudi Speciality Chemical Industries Co Ltd., Thebe Unico, AECI Ltd, Clariant AG, Akzo Nobel N.V., Evonik Industries AG, BASF SE, and DowDuPont Inc.

More reports on Specialty Chemicals by PS Market Research

Global Specialty Chemicals Market ñ 

Asia-Pacific (APAC) Specialty Chemicals Market ñ 

About PS Market Research

PS Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research-based consulting services across different industry/business verticals.

As one of the top growing market research agency, weíre keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions.

: 
 PS Market Research

Toll-free: + (USA/Canada)



Web:

Connect with us: †|††|††|
Warren says SC needs leadership
FLORENCE, S.C. ñ Businessman and veteran John Warren is one of five Republicans running for his partyís nomination for the Governorís Mansion.

A native of Greenville who met his wife, Courtney, on a blind date after she left the George W. Bush administration, Warren has two sons, 2-year old Stevie and 12-week old Drew.

ìThe story on Drew is that Courtney had Drew seven minutes after arriving at the hospital,î Warren said. ìThe running joke is that sheís told me that I have to be as efficient in state government as she was in having Drew. So, Iíve got my work cut out for me.î

Warren showed an early interest in business. When he was 8 years old, he stole his dadís shoe shining kit and went door to door offering his services for 50 cents to shine a pair of shoes. Everything was going well until Warren ran out of supplies. His dad took him to the local pharmacy and had him pay to resupply himself, teaching Warren an early lesson about the difference between revenues and profits.

Revenues can be thought of as the dollar amount of sales by a company. Profit is the amount left over when the company takes out its expenses.

Warren attended Washington and Lee University, a private liberal arts college in Lexington, Va. While college, Warren said felt called to serve in the Marine Corps after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. In the Marine Corps he led over 300 combat missions in Iraq.

He left the Marines and soon formed Lima One Capital with the assistance of Courtney, the companyís first ìangel investor.î Lima One was Warrenís call sign while he served in Iraq. Lima One provides home loans to investors. Today the company has 80 full-time employees and between 250 and 300 contract employees throughout the companyís 42-state area.

ìI tell people that we live in the best state in the entire United States,î Warren said. ìI really feel like the heart of our state are our people. I think our people are conservative and God-fearing, honest and hardworking. When you look at everything that comes out of Columbia in terms of the legislation, the leadership, it is the antithesis of our great people. And we need true leadership ótrue, conservative leadershipó someone thatís actually been successful in business and someone in the private sector.î

Warren said he is the only candidate who fits what the state needs.

He listed his leadership skills in leading combat missions and building a successful business as his qualifications for office.

Warren said he would fire the board of SCANA, the company that oversaw the failed VC Sumner nuclear project. He also called for a forensic audit of the company. He is also a proponent of school choice and making sure money gets to the students and their classrooms. Warren also has called for comprehensive tax reform and said he wants to work on the stateís infrastructure.

The primary election is scheduled for June 12, with run-offs, if needed, to take place two weeks later on June 26. The winner of the Republican nomination will face the winner of the Democratic nomination and the American Party of South Carolina nominee Martin Barry.
Defense and energy can co-exist offshore, industry says
Oil and gas operations in parts of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico can coexist with national defense priorities, industry supporters said of a Pentagon review.
Interpublic Group to Present at the 46th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media & Communications Conference | Kaplan Herald
New York, NY ñ May 11, 2018 ñ (NYSE: IPG) senior management will present at the 46th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media  Communications Conference on Wednesday, May 16th, 2018, at 9:20 am Eastern time, as scheduled.

¬†A link to the live webcast will be posted on the day of the conference on the Investor Relations section of Interpublicës website () where it will remain available for replay for 30 days.

# # #

About Interpublic

Interpublic is one of the worldës leading organizations of advertising agencies and marketing services companies. Major global brands include Craft, FCB (Foote, Cone  Belding), FutureBrand, Golin, Huge, Initiative, Jack Morton, MAGNA, McCann, Momentum, MRM//McCann, MullenLowe Group, Octagon, R/GA, UM and Weber Shandwick. Other leading brands include Avrett Free Ginsberg, Campbell Ewald, Carmichael Lynch, Deutsch, Hill Holliday, ID Media and The Martin Agency. For more information, please visit .

# # #

 Information

Tom Cunningham
 (Press) 

Jerry Leshne
 (Analysts, Investors)
Newtek Declares Second Quarter 2018 Dividend of $0.42 per Share | Kaplan Herald
LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., May 11, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) ó Newtek Business Services Corp. (ìNewtekî or the ìCompanyî) (NASDAQ:), an internally managed business development company (ìBDCî), today announced that its Board of Directors declared a second quarter 2018 cash dividend of $0.421 per share. The second quarter 2018 dividend is payable on June 29, 2018 to shareholders of record as of June 15, 2018.† The Company also reiterated its 2018 annual cash dividend forecast of $1.701 per share, which would represent a 3.7% increase over the Companyís 2017 annual dividend of $1.64 per share.†

Barry Sloane, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer commented, ìWe are pleased to declare our second quarter 2018 dividend payable on June 29, 2018 to shareholders of record as of June 15, 2018. Our business model is tracking well thus far in 2018, and we feel confident with our current pipeline of opportunities and the continued execution of our business plan.î

Note regarding Dividend Payments: The Companyës Board of Directors expects to maintain a dividend policy with the objective of making quarterly distributions in an amount that approximates 90 ñ 100% of the Companyës annual taxable income.† The determination of the tax attributes of the Companyës distributions is made annually as of the end of the Companyës fiscal year based upon its taxable income for the full year and distributions paid for the full year.

1Amount and timing of dividends, if any, remain subject to the discretion of the Companyís Board of Directors.

About Newtek Business Services Corp.

, Your Business Solutions CompanyÆ, is an internally managed BDC, which along with its controlled portfolio companies, provides a wide range of business services and financial products under the NewtekÆ brand to the small- and medium-sized business (ìSMBî) market.†Since 1999, Newtek has provided state-of-the-art, cost-efficient products and services and efficient business strategies to SMB accounts across all 50 states to help them grow their sales, control their expenses and reduce their risk.

Newtekís and its portfolio companiesí products and services include: , ,† , , , , , , , and .

Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Words such as ìbelieves,î ìintends,î ìexpects,î ìprojects,î ìanticipates,î ìforecasts,î ìgoalî and ìfutureî or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, intensified competition, operating problems and their impact on revenues and profit margins, anticipated future business strategies and financial performance, anticipated future number of customers, business prospects, legislative developments and similar matters. Risk factors, cautionary statements and other conditions, which could cause Newtekís actual results to differ from managementís current expectations, are contained in Newtekís filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available through . †Newtek cautions you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected or implied in these statements.

SOURCE: Newtek Business Services Corp.

Investor Relations  Public Relations
: Jayne Cavuoto 
Telephone:  /
The Chance Encounter That Forever Changed The Way I Look At Business
Iím going to go back a few years to late 2012. I know, I know, you all want current and relevant stuff. Trust me, the date doesnít matter here; itís the lesson.
 
Anyway, getting back to 2013, I realized I had a problem. My partner Dan and I sat in a room working on bonuses and raises. Sound
 
s normal, right? I hated every minute of it. The crazy part is that business was good; it just didnít feel good. Does that make sense? Anyway, as far as agency life things were good: we were winning new clients, doing great work and adding to the team. Yet, something was wrong.
 
Dan and I realized that we wanted more for our employees than for he and I to be sitting in a room arbitrarily meting out bonuses. Most companies pretend, as did we, that there was some magic formula for Personal  Company bonus. The whole thing left me feeling flat.
 
You have to understand something, as an entrepreneur, I started the business with a vision that I would be fair to people, having really happy clients and delivering exceptional products and services. Go back and read that first part again. Being fair to people. ††thatís the part that I got stuck on. Even though we felt like we were a cool company where it was fun to come to work and that we were fair, we also felt a piece was missing.
 
 
 
 
I wanted to add more value for employees, but I had little clue how to do it. I believed the way were running the business was the way that companies run. Boy, was I ever wrong.
 
The traditional model of company-employee relationship struck me as cold and transactional. It seemed to me this model viewed employees like cattle. If you donít like them; if you donít work well with them; if you lose a little moneyÖwell, then get rid of them.
 
 
As an entrepreneur, I often wondered what employees were thinking, what would make them tick. Being the ìboss,î itís hard to find out. Heck, even when you ask, youíll see a whole bunch of ìnod-alongsî. †
 
My rut turned into burn out. Did I want out? Should we sell? It was a decision point. I was still searching for a way to give my employees more and unsure of how to do it. Thatís when it happened. ††An invite came. A freebie!
Chili's Customers Possibly Impacted by Data Breach
Brinker International, the parent company of Chili's, announced a data breach at some of it's restaurants that may have impacted customers.
The Dallas based company believes the data incident was limited between March and April of 2018. The malware was discovered on Friday, May 11.
Brinker said that customers payment card information was compromised at certain Chili's restaurants, but did not offer locations of those restaurants.
Brinker said in a press release that the company immediately activated it's response plan and are now working with third-party forensic experts to investigate the details of what happened.†
Brinker advises anyone who ate at a Chili's restaurant during the time frame mentioned above to monitor their bank accounts, and if you notice any suspicious activity to call your bank immediately.
You can read more from the company by clicking here.

Beware of robot dogs ‚Äî coming to a business near you
 They look like they've scampered out of a thriller ‚Äî sleek, four-legged robots vaguely resembling dogs, flinging open doors and evading attacks from the humans controlling them. And for the first time this week, videos posted to YouTube by the robotic dogs' creators, Boston Dynamics, show the not-so-cuddly canines prancing around autonomously. The videos comes just three months after a Feb. 12 video of a robotic dog opening the door and escaping with its friend went viral, sparking headlines such as, "Boston Dynamics' dog robot can open up doors now and WTF we're all dead" and "Robot dogs OPENING DOORS is one of the scariest things you will see all day." SpotMini robots, first unveiled by Boston Dynamics in June 2016, could become commonplace following CEO Marc Raibert's announcement Friday at a conference that his company will begin selling the robots to businesses next year. They might appear outside construction zones ‚Äî surveying the sites and collecting building data ‚Äî or outside offices, where they could use their cameras to provide security. They could also be used to get into hard-to-reach spaces, such as the stairwells of skyscrapers, where they could check for explosives or "bad things" that shouldn't be there, Raibert said. In fact, the dogs could take on almost any role thanks to a customizing feature that allows third parties to run their own applications with SpotMini's computer programming. About 10 SpotMinis have already been built, and Raibert said he plans to manufacture about 100 more for testing this year before launching mass production by the middle of next year. While a price tag has yet to be determined for the robots, Raibert said the cost of building the latest prototype was about one-tenth the cost of previous versions. Raibert revealed his plans at the TechCrunch conference, which took place at the University of California at Berkeley and focused on the expanding role of robots in everyday life. In one of the scariest moments in the movie "Jurassic Park," a pair of intelligent Velociraptors, brought back to Earth by man's hubris, defy an assumption about their limitations: They open a kitchen door. Now imagine that the raptors are real, transformed into headless robot dogs that can negotiate... The Washington Post's Alex Horton previously reported that the robotic dogs could prove less nightmarish during a natural or man-made disaster, as they could help navigate situations that would otherwise put people in danger, such as inspecting gas leaks or crawling through rubble after an explosion. According to Horton: "The SpotMini's bulkier cousin, BigDog, was funded by the Pentagon's research arm as a potential battlefield ally to carry heavy ammunition and help evacuate wounded troops. But the Marine Corps decided in 2015 that BigDog was simply too loud and could give away the position to enemy troops." A video posted to YouTube Thursday shows a SpotMini robotic dog running around an office, smoothly climbing up and down a staircase. An operator initially had to steer the robot through the course so that it could build its own map of the area. But once that's done ‚Äî as shown in the video ‚Äî the robot can navigate entirely on its own, using cameras to recognize obstacles. In just over a day, the video of the robotic dog dashing up the stairs and bolting around the office on its own racked up more than 875,000 page views, a source of both wonderment and terror. Pair that video with another one Boston Dynamics released in November of a boxy humanoid robot executing perfect back flips and you have a recipe for humanity's demise, some fear. Among them is Elon Musk, who has said that autonomous machines are more dangerous to the world than North Korea, and has compared the adoption of AI to "summoning the devil." After watching the video of the bipedal robot achieving back flip after back flip, Musk tweeted, "This is nothing." "In a few years, that bot will move so fast you'll need a strobe light to see it," he wrote. "Sweet dreams ..." Though Boston Dynamics, which is owned by Japan's SoftBank group, did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Post, the company's website says Atlas is the latest in a line of advanced humanoid robots it is developing. "Atlas' control system coordinates motions of the arms, torso and legs to achieve whole-body mobile manipulation, greatly expanding its reach and workspace," the company says. "Atlas' ability to balance while performing tasks allows it to work in a large volume while occupying only a small footprint." "Stereo vision, range sensing and other sensors give Atlas the ability to manipulate objects in its environment and to travel on rough terrain. Atlas keeps its balance when jostled or pushed and can get up if it tips over." Raibert said people often send him ideas for everyday applications of his company's robots. One idea involves a legged device that could carry people in wheelchairs onto more difficult terrain. "We get lots of requests for a wheelchair replacement because someone hasn't been able to go out on a hiking trail in their normal wheelchair," he said. "We're not actively working on that yet." The Washington Post's Peter Holley contributed to this report.
Elon Musk promises free rides through tunnel, but to where?
 performance.mark('first image displayed');The Met Gala 2018 "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination\
                                            Thomson Reuters
                                    
By Steve Gorman   LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Billionaire businessman Elon Musk is promising the public "free rides" in the next few months through the first high-speed passenger tunnel drilled beneath Los Angeles by his aptly named underground transit venture, the Boring Company.   The question is whether the tunnel as advertised by Musk on social media will live up to the sensation he stirred by suggesting commuters will soon get to sample a new subterranean traffic system he has under development in the nation's second-largest city.   The tunnel shown in an attention-getting video clip Musk posted to Instagram on Thursday actually runs not under Los Angeles but beneath the tiny, adjacent municipality of Hawthorne, where his Boring Company and SpaceX rocket firm are both headquartered.   And it was uncertain whether the permits he received from the Hawthorne would even allow the public to set foot in the tunnel, originally proposed strictly as an experimental project to test Musk's concepts for a high-speed transit network.   "There will be no cars or people in the research tunnel," according to the minutes of a special Hawthorne city council meeting last August to review the proposed easement, or right-of-way, Boring sought for the tunnel.   Musk, who also leads the Tesla Inc electric car manufacturing company, launched his foray into public transit after he complained on Twitter in December 2016 that clogged traffic was "driving me nuts," vowing then to "build a boring machine and just start digging."   Musk maintained his air of bravura in his latest Instagram message, which was repeated to his Twitter account.   "First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final regulatory approvals, we will be offering free rides to the public in a few months," he wrote.   According to public records, Boring started with a 350-foot-long tunnel on private property belonging to SpaceX and later sought the easement to extend the tunnel another 2 miles underground beneath Hawthorne city streets.   Boring has since sought approval to dig a similar experimental tunnel that would run for 2.7 miles beneath the busy west side of Los Angeles proper but has yet to break ground there.   Both plans were pitched as first steps toward developing a subterranean network of tunnels envisioned by Musk for rapidly whisking car and pedestrian traffic within and between cities to ease road congestion at the surface.                     


        

      "Super huge thanks to everyone that helped with this project," Musk said in his social media messages. "As mentioned in prior posts, once fully operational (demo system rides will be free), the system will always give priority to pods for pedestrians & cyclists for less than the cost of a bus ticket."   The message accompanied a fast-forward video of the tunnel's interior shot by a camera traveling the length of the cylindrical passageway, well lit and roughly 12 feet in diameter. A man in a hard hat is seen working at one end of apparently unfinished underground tube.   Musk was not available for comment. Jehn Hemme, a spokeswoman for Boring, declined to comment when asked to clarify Musk's Instagram post and what the video actually depicted.   While Musk referred to the tunnel as the first his company has excavated under "LA", the footage is from the existing tunnel in Hawthorne, said Alison Simard, a spokeswoman for Los Angeles City Councilman Paul Koretz, who has supported Boring's request to fast-track approval of a Los Angeles test tunnel.   She said there was nothing in that request, which City Council's public works committee approved in April, that would allow public entry into a test tunnel.                     


        

      Hawthorne city officials were not available for comment; city offices there are typically closed on Fridays.   (Reporting by Steve Gorman; editing by Bill Tarrant)   
If you didn't leave food for your mail carrier, it's not too late to chip in
 Hi  Already a subscriber? Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Manage your account settings. View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the news Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about The National Association of Letter Carriers annual food drive collects tons of food from a small percentage of Southwest Floridians. Imagine what they could do with more. A link has been sent to your friend's email address. A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.  To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs  Subscribed, but don't have a login? Cape Coral letter carrier Dan Rams collects bundles of food on his Saturday route as part of the 26th annual National Association of Letter Carriers food drive.(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) Updated with latest collection results. Take one Dan Rams, a Cape Coral letter carrier, multiply him by 337,000 postal colleagues, and you have roughly the number of men and women who went door to door across America on Saturday gathering food for the hunger to come. Since 1993 when it began, the National Association of Letter Carriers Food Drive has become the world‚Äôs biggest one-day food collection, according to its literature.¬† A volunteer at Fort Myers' Page Field post office helps unload and sort mountains of food collected by local carriers Saturday as part of the 26th annual National Association of Letter Carriers food drive.¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) Donated canned goods stack up at Fort Myers' Page Field post office as volunteers unload the donations collected by local letter carriers Saturday as part of the 26th annual National Association of Letter Carriers food drive.¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) At Fort Myers‚Äô Page¬†Field post office, the scene was joyous as mail carriers backed up to the loading docks and disgorged goods while volunteers raced around sorting the rice and beans from the spaghetti sauce and, ‚ÄúHey, look, a fresh coconut!‚Äù With a preliminary 210,250 pounds of food collected by Saturday's end, organizers predicted¬†this year's drive will exceed the 300,000 pounds of nonperishables donated last year;¬†enough for 250,000 meals, said¬†Harry Chapin Food Bank leader Richard LeBer, whose staff helps orchestrate the five-county effort. But they're not through yet. ‚ÄúWe think in order to feed everyone in Southwest Florida we need twice as much as we are getting,‚Äù LeBer said. Harry Chapin Food Bank CEO Richard LeBer helps unload donated food collected by local letter carriers at Fort Myers' Page Field post office for the 26th annual ‚ÄãNational Association of Letter Carriers food drive.
 
‚Äã¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) How much is that? ‚ÄúAbout 40 million pounds a year, or about 35 million meals. Our best estimate is that about 170,000 people will need to be fed at some point this year in the five county area,‚Äù he said. Hundreds of food pantries are working on this challenge, and there‚Äôs a quick way to help them reach their goal: Everyone who didn‚Äôt leave a bag of food at their mailbox Saturday ‚Äì which is many ‚Äì can take one to a local post office any time through Friday, May 18.
¬†
Out on the Saturday streets of Cape Coral, Rams'¬†route began on Tower Drive with only two households hanging small plastic bags of food by their mailboxes.¬† John Harmon, a landscape business owner, stands by his Cape Coral mailbox on Saturday where he placed a bundle of food for his postal carrier, Dan Rams, to collect as part of the National Association of Letter Carriers 26th. annual food drive.¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) ‚ÄúI remember what it‚Äôs like to be hungry,‚Äù said Marion Morris, who put out two bags with her husband, Lloyd. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve been on hard times. If people need to eat, I feed them.‚Äù Most on the attractive, middle class streets were immersed in the Saturday activities of tinkering with the Jeep, harvesting the mango trees and splashing with the kids in the pool.¬† The most generous neighborhoods will surprise you, Rams and his fellow carriers said. ¬†‚ÄúI think people on my route¬†are better off so they don‚Äôt give as much,‚Äù said Rams, who‚Äôs done the food drive every year since 2001 when he became a postal carrier. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs the people who have less who are more generous.‚Äù A two- to three-pound bag of canned goods like this one hanging on a Cape Coral mail box can provide two to three meals when mixed with other things, according to Harry Chapin Food Bank CEO Richard LeBer. Cape Coral letter carrier Dan Rams was one of hundreds of thousands nationally who collected bundles like this one on Saturday, the 26th annual National Association of Letter Carriers food drive.¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) Mike Alayon, a letter carrier on a Page¬†Field route, recalls one food drive where his job was to offload food from his fellow carriers so¬†they could stay in the field. ‚ÄúI got to see all the different areas,‚Äù Alayon¬†said. "In Tice, which is not the most flourishing, the carriers had to unload their trucks three or four times and go back for more because there was so much food.‚Äù Alayon¬†also knows what it‚Äôs like to need help during a hard time. At one point when he couldn‚Äôt find a job and his wife was supporting the family on a minimum wage job, food stamps helped see them through. ‚ÄúI will never look down on anyone who needs something, because I needed it,‚Äù he said. Letter carrier Mike Alayon works a mail route in the Fort Myers Page Field area on Saturday for the 26th annual National Association of Letter Carriers food drive.¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) Alayon‚Äôs postal job puts his family in a better comfort zone, but many mail carriers in decades past qualified for food stamps, according to the professional lore. A national postal workers strike in 1970 challenged then-president Richard Nixon to increase carriers' wages, and ‚Äì after first bringing in Army, Marine, and Air Force personnel to do the job ‚Äì the president gave in. Today about 1¬†in every 8 people you encounter in Florida uses a food pantry to stretch their grocery dollar. But despite the facts about food assistance ‚Äì those who need it are workers dealing with a temporary crisis ‚Äì it still bears a stigma. ‚ÄúMost of our data says we see people for three or six months at a time,‚Äù LeBer said, ‚Äúusually because they lost their job or had a serious medical crisis. It happens to people all the time.‚Äù Supermarkets offer an efficient food chain for those who can get to and afford them, he says. For everyone else, there are the 175 food pantries he works with. A small bundle of donated food awaits letter carrier Mike Alayon on Saturday at an apartment community on his mail route in Fort Myers' Page Field area. Alayon and hundreds of thousands of fellow carriers were collecting food for the 26th annual National Association of Letter Carriers food drive.¬†(Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) The food drive fills the pantries when stocks are at their lowest and Southwest Floridan families need them most because of reduced hours on seasonal jobs, and kids who require¬†three squares because they‚Äôre not getting that school breakfast or lunch. ‚ÄúA full meal is about a pound or a little over, so one bag is a couple or three meals for someone, mixed up with other things,‚Äù LeBer said. ‚ÄúI would love it if everybody gave.‚Äù Follow this reporter on Twitter @PatriciaBorns. Local post offices will be accepting donated non-perishable foods through Friday, May 18. ¬†
Six Flags Railroad catches fire, two employees taken to hospital
 ¬© Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices¬†Public File ¬© Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices¬†Public File Posted:¬†May 12 2018 08:09PM EDT Updated:¬†May 12 2018 08:33PM EDT COBB COUNTY, Ga. - A fire on the Six Flags Railroad ride made for a scary Saturday evening at the amusement park. Six Flags officials told FOX 5 there was a fire on the train engine, but they do not know what caused the fire. Officials say¬†two employees were taken to the hospital as a precaution but they are expected to be okay. No park guests were on the ride when the fire started, but one guest was treated by a first aid kit. They are also expected to be okay. Cobb Police and Fire are investigating. Six Flags sent FOX 5 the following statement: A fire broke out on the engine of the Six Flags Railroad and was quickly contained. No guests were on board. The area was immediately evacuated. One employee was transported to the hospital for further evaluation. The safety of our employees and guests is our top priority. The train is closed for further inspection. ¬† ¬© 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices
Tesla Executive Leaves for Alphabet Self-Driving-Car Unit Waymo

What Impact Could Apple's $100 Billion Stock Buyback Program Have To Its Stock Price
 The Apple logo is shown on a screen at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference. AP Photo/Tony Avelar Apple announced on May 1 that it would increase its stock buyback program by $100 billion to $310 billion. The $100 billion is a significantly larger amount than Apple has ever announced before, but that isn‚Äôt surprising given the new tax law that will allow the company to bring overseas cash back at a much lower tax rate. While there was no timeframe given for when the $100 billion will be spent, it would not be surprising to see Apple be aggressive in its purchases. In theory the faster it goes the lower the share price should be, and therefore a larger impact to the company‚Äôs EPS. Apple spent $29 billion and $33 billion in fiscal 2016 and 2017, respectively. However, it has already spent $33.5 billion in the first half of fiscal 2018, with $23.5 billion spent in the March quarter alone.  It appears that there is a chance the $100 billion could be spent in one year . 
 Apple was also aggressive buying back shares in April. At the end of the March quarter the company had 5,025 million basic shares (these don‚Äôt take into account the dilutive impact from stock options or restricted stock). In the 10-Q filing there were only 4,915 million, or 110 million shares as of April 21. Assuming an average price of $170 in the three week period, Apple would have spent $18.7 billion. What $100 billion would do to EPS based on a $200 stock price Apple‚Äôs shares closed at $188.59 on Friday after increasing $20 since it announced its March quarter results on May 1, the $100 billion buyback program, a 16% increase to its dividend and Warren Buffett announcing that Berkshire Hathaway had increased its holdings by almost 50% in the March quarter. Assuming a $200 stock price for the $100 billon the following is the impact to the number of shares, EPS and stock price. Note that Apple still had $10.4 billion remaining in its previous buyback program to be spent, which I have not included in these calculations as it represents about 1% of Apple‚Äôs market cap. Note also that using a $210 stock price to buy back the shares doesn‚Äôt impact the EPS result by much. It would decrease by $0.07 to $14.49 and even at $220 it only falls another nickel to $14.44.
Nigerian woman kicked off United flight after white man complained she was 'pungent,' suit says
 An African woman and her children were kicked off a United Airlines flight after a¬†fellow passenger complained that she had a ‚Äúpungent‚Äù odor, according to a racial discrimination lawsuit filed against the company. The incident involving the¬†passenger, a white male, happened two years ago, when Queen Obioma, a Nigerian citizen, and her two children were boarding a flight from Houston to San Francisco. The family had flown from Lagos, Nigeria, and were on the second leg of a three-flight journey to Ontario, Canada. Obioma saw that the other passenger had sat in her assigned seat in the business-class cabin, according to the lawsuit, which was filed Friday in federal court in Houston. The passenger refused to move, so a flight crew member, instead, asked Obioma to sit elsewhere in business class. Later, before takeoff, Obioma went to use the bathroom. On her way back to her seat, the same passenger was standing in the aisle and blocking her from getting to her seat, the lawsuit says. She said ‚Äúexcuse me‚Äù three times, but was ignored. After several minutes, Obioma managed to squeeze her way to her seat. [More dogs die on United than on any other airline. Here‚Äôs why.] But just after she sat down, a¬†crew member told¬†Obioma to go outside the aircraft, where another employee told her that she would be removed from the flight. The lawsuit says the pilot had personally requested that she be removed because the male passenger, who was not identified, had complained that¬†her smell was¬†‚Äúpungent‚Äù and¬†that he was not comfortable flying with her. ‚ÄúAt that point Ms. Obioma was lost, confused and disoriented. Her mind went blank and she was utterly befuddled,‚Äù¬†according to the complaint. Obioma explained that she was taking her children to school¬†in Canada for the first time and that they had appointments they could not miss. Despite her situation, crew members refused to let Obioma back onto the aircraft and removed the entire family from the flight. ‚ÄúMs. Obioma watched her minor children marched out of the aircraft like criminals, confused and perplexed.¬†‚Ä¶ She sobbed uncontrollably for a long time,‚Äù the complaint says, adding that the children, who were seated in the economy cabin, were humiliated. A United spokeswoman said in a statement that the company has not been served with the lawsuit and is unable to comment because of the pending litigation. [Teen sleeping on United flight was groped by another passenger, complaint says] The lawsuit alleges that United Airlines¬†discriminated against Obioma and her children during the¬†incident on March 4, 2016, at George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston because they were black. It also accuses crew members of singling¬†out Obioma, not because she was being disruptive, but because a white man ‚Äî who refused to sit in his assigned seat ‚Äî did not want to share a plane with her. The mother and her children waited for five hours before they could get on another flight, and they missed their scheduled appointments. Obioma also incurred more expenses, the lawsuit says. United has struggled with customer service issues. In April 2017, a viral video showed Chicago airport security officers forcibly dragging a passenger from a flight. The removal of David Dao, who was seen with a bloodied mouth in the video, resulted in the firing of two airport security officers and suspension of two others. Dao reached an undisclosed settlement with United a few weeks after the incident, according to¬†the Associated Press. Last month, one of the fired security officers, James Long, sued United and the city of Chicago, claiming he wasn‚Äôt properly trained to deal with the situation and that he had been defamed, CBS reported. Then in July, a passenger had to hold her 2-year-old son in her lap for¬†more than three¬†hours because the airline had sold his seat to a standby passenger. And in March, a passenger‚Äôs 10-month-old puppy suffocated to death after a flight attendant forced the owner to place it in an overhead compartment. Read more: A woman charged the cockpit, then bit a flight attendant as she was being duct-taped, feds say A little girl saw an emotional-support dog on a plane. It went for her face. Video shows a jetliner teetering above the Black Sea after it slid off the runway
With Trump Feud Still Simmering, Postal Service Announces Huge Growth in Package Delivery ‚Äî And Widening Losses
 The U.S. Postal Service announced its second quarter financial results on Friday, a normally ho-hum moment made a lot more significant thanks to continuing criticism of USPS‚Äôs relationship with Amazon by U.S. President Donald Trump. USPS said that its revenue for shipping and packages shot up by 9.5%, or $445 million, since the second quarter of last year. Meanwhile, letter and other mail volume dropped by 2.1%, and mail revenue was down $181 million. Overall revenue grew 1.4%, but the USPS still lost $1.3 billion in the quarter, compared to a $562 million loss this time last year, thanks to a 5.7% increase in operating expenses. USPS said rising expenses included the cost of retiree health benefits, increased labor costs for shipping packages, and higher transportation expenses. If that all sounds complicated, it is ‚Äî and that complexity has helped enable Trump‚Äôs campaign against the USPS‚Äôs partnership with Amazon. Trump has accused Amazon of benefiting from preferential USPS rates, and last month created a task force to review USPS business practices. But a former postmaster general has said that the USPS agreement with Amazon had been profitable for the Postal Service, which must offer competitive package pricing with services like UPS and FedEx, but can‚Äôt legally price package delivery below its cost.  Get Data Sheet, Fortune‚Äôs technology newsletter. That supports the idea that criticism of Amazon‚Äôs USPS payments as just one front in Trump‚Äôs larger fight with Amazon‚Äôs owner, Jeff Bezos. Bezos also owns the Washington Post, which is among Trump‚Äôs favorite targets to slam as ‚Äúfake news.‚Äù Some see Trump‚Äôs claims that Amazon is cheating the USPS, then, as an indirect attack on opposition media. That would be ironic, since the founding principle of universal postal service was increased freedom of information. USPS‚Äôs biggest losses have been fueled not by Amazon, or even by the rise of ecommerce, but by the drastic decline in first-class letters and other light mail, thanks largely to the rise of e-mail. USPS has a monopoly over letter mail which is intended to compensate for requirements that it provide universal service even to remote or less populated parts of America. But first-class mail volume has plummeted by nearly half since its peak in 2000. In a statement, Postmaster General and CEO Megan J. Brennan blamed growing losses not only on those technological changes, but also on ‚Äúan inflexible, legistlatively mandated business model that limits our ability to generate sufficient revenue and imposes costs upon us that we cannot afford.‚Äù Brennan was referring in part to a legislative mandate that USPS pre-fund retiree benefits, a requirement not shared by most private-sector companies, or even other federal employees. Lawmakers have also stopped some proposals that would have reduced USPS operating costs, including reducing deliveries from six days a week to five. If it were a typical business, USPS could have made those needed changes years ago. That might have left Trump less able to use the Postal Service as a weapon in his broader crusade.
Crown Point real estate firm brewing its own craft beer
 Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. 
Digital-only access only $9.99/mo
 Current Subscriber? Set up your account 
Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account ¬© 2018 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service ¬†|¬† Privacy Policy Scattered thunderstorms early, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low 46F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Scattered thunderstorms early, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low 46F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.  Updated: May 12, 2018 @ 11:35 pm Jason Bazarko adds grains to Prime Real Estate's Prime A'Peal New England Hazy IPA. Business reporter Jason Bazarko adds grains to Prime Real Estate's Prime A'Peal New England Hazy IPA. Some of Northwest Indiana‚Äôs newest craft brewers aren‚Äôt bearded, bespectacled 20-somethings in ironic T-shirts who have been testing various hop mixes while homebrewing for years. Instead, they‚Äôre buttoned-down real estate agents. For the last three years, real estate agents at Prime Real Estate in downtown Crown Point have brewed craft beers they‚Äôve gifted to clients, quaffed at staff parties and made available at local taprooms. The Summertime Prime the real estate agency brewed last year sold out at Crown Brewing in less than four hours. Last week, more than a dozen real estate agents helped brew Prime A‚ÄôPeal, a 6.5 ABV New England Hazy IPA with 18 IBUs, sweet orange peel, and Citra, Zythos and Cascade hops. ‚ÄúAs a real estate company, we know it can be stressful for our agents, especially during the peak season,‚Äù marketing director Andrew Knies said. ‚ÄúSo we‚Äôve always been sure to provide a good social experience for our agents. We have coffee and bar areas as social spaces in the office, and we brew a beer with them.‚Äù To lure agents into its fold, Prime Real Estate offers other unique perks such as health insurance, a green screen in the office where they can film marketing segments, free admission to a real estate conference with national speakers at Munster‚Äôs Center for the Visual and Performing Arts, and staff parties at venues like Journeyman Distillery and Shady Creek Winery. They‚Äôve been brewing real estate-themed beers such as the Primed Up Porter made with vanilla beans from Madagascar one agent brought in, and coffee, in an allusion to the famous ‚Äúcoffee is for closers‚Äù line from David Mamet's classic ‚ÄúGlengarry Glen Ross.‚Äù Typically, they brew whatever agency President Joshua Lybolt and Knies happen to be drinking at the time. With the help of Crown Brewing, they‚Äôre making a barrel of hazy New England IPA. It will be bottled in 22-ounce bombers agents can buy at cost and give as a closing gift to buyers and it will be distributed at local taprooms, including Crown Brewing in Crown Point and Pour House in Valparaiso. It will also be awarded to top-selling agents at a staff party. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs great branding,‚Äù Lybolt said. ‚ÄúReal estate agents frequent restaurants, and it can spark a lot of conversation when your beer is on tap.‚Äù For more information on when and where the beer will be released, visit facebook.com/PrimeRealEstateCrownPoint. New Oberpfalz‚Äôs Toad Storm Double IPA is brewed and sold in Griffith. New Oberpfalz Brewing specializes in German beers like doppelbock, kolsch and helles lager that bring a taste of Bavaria to downtown Griffith. But it also satisfies craft beer drinkers‚Äô seemingly insatiable thirst for hops with its Toad Storm Double IPA. ‚ÄúToad Storm was the first Double IPA that we brewed at New Oberpfalz. It was named for all of the dozens (if not hundreds) of toads that were living in and around the building during construction,‚Äù brewery owner Dan Lehnerer said. ‚ÄúWe would walk through the vacant buildings each morning before work began and capture the toads and release them across the alley in a vacant lot.‚Äù The well-hopped beer, which has been praised for a smooth and buttery taste, is available at New Oberpfalz‚Äôs taproom at 121 E. Main St. or in 22-ounce bombers throughout Northwest Indiana. ‚ÄúThe beer is brewed with a unique combination of German-grown new-age hops that lend notes of citrus and melon to the aroma,‚Äù Lehnerer said. ‚ÄúIt is bitter and has a light sweetness in the finish. It was brewed for hop heads and those interested in toads.‚Äù For more information, call (219) 513-9341 or visit newoberpfalz.com. The Dwarven Assassin Belgian IPA is featured at Pokro Brewing in Griffith. Pokro Brewing‚Äôs Joe Pokropinski brews a variety of Belgian, English and European-style beers in a brewery with hand-made furniture and an Old World European feel. The brewery at 311 N. Broad St. in Griffith, has many fine beers, including its signature Caveman Brown Ale and a Double Oaked Caveman. It also has a unique IPA with a distinctly Belgian flavor: Dwarven Assassin. ‚ÄúDwarven Assassin is unique because it‚Äôs a Belgian IPA made with Belgian Trappist yeast and Jarylo, a dwarf hop variety,‚Äù co-owner Robyn Pokropinski said. ‚ÄúDespite the large amount of hops used, it has a smooth, spicy hop finish, which appeals to IPA and non-IPA drinkers alike.‚Äù The Belgian IPA boasts an ABV of 7.2 percent and 63 IBUs. For more information, call (219) 924-7950 or visit pokrobrewing.com Michigan City's Burn Em Brewing makes a beer with cream corn. Creamed corn doesn't seem like a natural ingredient for beer, but one local craft brewery was experimental enough to try it and has gotten rave reviews. Burn 'Em Brewing at 718 Freyer Road in Michigan City often uses unorthodox ingredients like graham crackers, pureed kiwi, toasted coconut and ground cardamom. Reviewers have been effusive about the Kreamed Corn, saying it's a "crushable session beer" with an "awesome mouthfeel." "Kreamed Corn is a pretty big deal to us," owner and brewer Rob Austin said. "We go above and beyond many breweries during our process because of the size we are, we're allowed to get a little weird. We make actual creamed corn (our own secret recipe) hours before we start brewing, and utilize the ingredient in our mashing process. This gives the beer a sweet corn taste in every sip, and as weird as it sounds, it has been known to be devastatingly addictive." For more information, call (219) 210-3784 or visit¬†burnembrewing.com. 3 Floyds Zombie Dust is one of the Chicago area's most popular beers. RateBeer.com's reviewers rate the 3 Floyds' intensely hopped and comic book-inspired Zombie Dust as one of the top 100 beers in the world, in the top 0.0016 percent of the more than 60,000 beers that were reviewed. 3 Floyds at¬†9750 Indiana Parkway in Munster is generally considered one of the best breweries in the world, but its Zombie Dust American Pale Ale is especially popular throughout Northwest Indiana and the Chicago area. It's usually sold out as soon as it arrives at liquor stores, and there's always a line when a new batch is made available at the brewpub. "Zombie Dust is an ode to the new varietals of aromatic hops that microbrewers have been urging hop growers to grow," 3 Floyds owner Nick Floyd said. "Once hop growers only grew hops for macrobreweries just for bitterness value. Today, hops are back in many areas and many varieties. Citra is Zombie Dust's soul and a Dungeons and Dragons item." For more information, call¬†(219) 922-3565 or visit¬†www.3floyds.com. Crown Brewing's Special Forces IPA In the late 19th century and early 20th century, Crown Point was home to a large regional brewery called Crown Brewing.¬† Crown Point residents Tim Walsh and Dave Bryan revived the name when they opened their craft brewery at 211 S. East St., near the Courthouse Square in 2008, which is way back when on the craft beer timeline. Their flagship, the Special Forces IPA, has been praised for being "full-flavored" with a "bold citrus hop flavor." "Our Special Forces IPA is our flagship offering that boasts a strong citrusy hop aroma from the seven hop additions of Cascade, Chinook, and CTZ," Crown Brewing's Zack Bryan said. "The name is derived from a local special forces hero and the allusion that the hops are the special force that is added to give the beer its great flavor." Crown hops the IPA seven times during the boil, and dry-hops it to give the deep gold brew an intense hop flavor. For more information, call (219) 663-4545 or visit crownbrewing.com. The Ro Shampo at Figure Eight Brewing in Valparaiso Figure Eight Brewing is a popular hangout spot in downtown Valparaiso that handcrafts award-winning beers with natural ingredients. The craft brewery at¬†150 S. Washington St. is a place where people can wash down small plates, salads or flatbreads with flavorful beers like the Snake Pro Double IPA. The family friendly brewery serves lunch and dinner. Its Ro Shampo, which is brewed with four hops and six malts, earns high marks on beer reviewing websites like RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. "Ro Shampo is our hoppy Imperial Red Ale," owner Tom Uban said. "It has been one of Figure Eight's flagship brews since we opened in 2010 and is named after a stellar rock climb located in Kentucky's Red River Gorge Roadside crag. The label art for Ro associates three monkeys throwing Rock, Paper, Scissors with the beer, lending ever so much more fun to the package." Figure Eight says the beer is well-balanced and evokes toffee, fine whiskey and cotton candy. For more information, call (219) 477-2000 or visit figureeightbrewing.com. Threadsplitter Walk into the Hunter's Brewing¬†tap room and you are likely to find someone enjoying a cold glass of Threadsplitter beer. The American IPA is the brewery's most popular beer, according to co-owners and brewers¬†Justin Reisetter and Amy Gentry. Threadsplitter is made with loads of Columbus hops, which gives this golden-colored IPA a strong resinous, dank hop flavor and aroma, they said. Hop-forward with a distinct lingering bitterness in the finish. The beer has an alcohol by volume count of¬†6.8 percent and is available year round. Hunter's Brewing has been open since February 2013 at 1535 S. Calumet Road in Chesterton and currently features nine taps. Most of the beers are available to go in howlers and growlers. Guest beers, ciders and wines are also featured. Gentry said a kitchen was added in October and featuring a completely vegetarian menu of bar snacks, appetizers, soups and sandwiches. Hunter's Brewing is open from 4 to 9 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, noon to 9 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays. The Single Double Tripel at Windmill Brewing in Dyer Justin Verburg, head brewer at Windmill Brewing in Dyer, came up with the name for the Single Double Tripel before he even made the beer. His idea was for a single hop, double IPA, Belgian-style Tripel. The results were better than expected. The beer is now Windmill's best seller. The Single Double Tripel is brewed with citra hops, Belgian candy sugar and a Belgian yeast for fermentation. "Citra has really good fruit and floral notes without the harsh bitterness," said Verburg, a former homebrewer. That's why it goes down remarkably smooth for a beer with 9 percent alcohol. It has notes of tropical and stone fruits on the nose, with a hint of banana and cloves. It finishes sweet with lots of fruit flavors. Windmill Brewing, which opened in July, is at¬†2121 Gettler St. in Dyer. For more information, call¬†(219) 440-2189 or visit¬†windmillbrew.com. Wildrose Brewing's Mornin' James Coffee's great, and so is craft beer. You can savor the flavor of both in a single snifter glass at Wildrose Brewing Co. at 1104 E. Main St. The seven-barrel brewer brews American-style beers that are often hoppy but are traditionally balanced so they don't just burst with bitterness. Wildrose makes a well-liked Imperial Coffee Stout with a chocolaty overtone called, fittingly, Mornin' James. Karen DeJong, one of the owners, describes it as "a coffee-forward imperial stout brewed with freshly roasted Sumatra coffee." The coffee beans are sourced locally, from Needmore Coffee Roasters in Chesterton. "Mornin‚Äô James is inspired by the dark strong coffee countless tradesmen and mill workers used to fill their Aladdin Stanley Thermos with to help them soldier through their hard day," said Dave DeJong, one of the owners. "Now that hot black sludge has gotten a cool makeover. Mornin‚Äô James is a strong coffee stout brewed with the freshly roasted Sumatra coffee beans, dark chocolate and cacao nibs resulting in a dark, strong, delicious beverage ready to power you through anything your off day or evening by the fire can throw at you." For more information, call (219) 595-5054 or visit www.wildrosebrewing.com. Gumballhead at 3 Floyds Brewing Co. in Munster One of the signature beers at Northwest Indiana's signature brewery is 3 Floyds Brewing Co.'s Gumballhead, an American wheat beer with a citrus finish. The session beer is brewed with Amarillo hops. The beer is named in honor of the comic book cat created by Rob Syers. Gumballhead started as a seasonal beer in the summer but is now brewed year-round. Gumballhead is brewed with red wheat, and has a lemony finish and notes of grapefruit, marmalade, peach and bubblegum. RateBeer has named Gumballhead the seventh-best wheat ale in the nation. It has an alcohol content of 5.6 percent. 3 Floyds is at¬†9750 Indiana Parkway in Munster.¬†For more information, call (219) 922-3565 or visit www.3floyds.com. My Ghetto IPA at Devil's Trumpet Brewing Devil‚Äôs Trumpet Brewing in Hobart brings it with the India Pale Ales. The craft brewery at 8250 Utah St., just off U.S. 30, has a Make It a Cheeseburger IPA, the Space Caravan IPA and the Serum of Virtue Double IPA. Then there‚Äôs of course its flagship, My Ghetto, which gets its name from how long the brewers spent plying their craft and how they considered the brewery a personal ghetto. The big hoppy beer boasts 100 IBUs and a grapefruit aroma. ‚ÄúIt packs a lot of flavor and aroma,‚Äù said Bob Lusin, chief brewing officer of quality control. ‚ÄúWe hop it continuously with very aromatic hop varieties to achieve a very balanced and drinkable IPA. My Ghetto used to only be available in 22-ounce bottles.‚Äù You don‚Äôt have to make it out to the Hobart taproom to try the IPA, which has been praised as a good beer for hop lovers. ‚ÄúWe recently started packaging it in 12-ounce six-packs, along with three other of our core beers,‚Äù Lusin said. For more information, visit thedevilstrumpet.com or call (219) 576-7118. Beltaine Scottish Ale is the top-selling beer at Shoreline Brewery. Beltaine Scottish Ale is the top-selling beer at Shoreline Brewery, 208 Wabash St. "Rich in amber color, with strong malt flavors, a hint of caramel and very lightly hopped," the ale is named after the pagen festival in Scotland that celebrates the start of spring, according to the brewery. The ale is the recipient of two silver medals at the World Beer Cup in the Scottish Ale category in 2006 and 2008 and a bronze medal in 2012. Shoreline Brewery, which opened in 2005, offers 12 beers on tap and barrel-age series bottles in the dining room with the option of recapping to take the balance home. "Our food menu is a nice balance of innovative dishes, and traditional fare you would expect to find in a brew pub," according to the brewery. Shoreline Brewery is open from 11 a.m. to midnight Sunday through Thursday and from 11 a.m. to 1 a.m. Friday and Saturday. Crown Brewing's Industrial Porter The Industrial Porter, one of the flagship beers at Crown Brewing, was the result of a homebrewing contest held at the Crown Point brewery shortly after it opened in 2008. The winner, a homebrewer out of Milwaukee, came up with the name and recipe. It's been a hit at Crown Brewing ever since.¬†In 2010, the beer placed third in the Brown Porter category at the World Beer Competition. "The secret ingredient is the addition of flaked barley instead of malted barley," said Crown¬†Brewmaster Steve Mazylewski. "This lends a little body and smoothness to the beer so it's not too harsh and astringent from the dark malts. It also has a little molasses added to the boil. It shows up in the flavor profile but might get hidden if you're not looking for it." A bigger seller at the brewery at¬†211 S. East St. is the Java Porter, a mix of Industrial Porter and flavored cold-brew coffee. "Our most popular flavor is White Russian-flavored coffee," Mazylewski said. "Everybody calls it the Dude, after 'Big Lebowski.'" For more information on Crown Brewing, call (219) 663-4545 or visit crownbrewing.com. Alpha King at 3 Floyds Brewing Co. in Munster Munster-based 3 Floyds Brewing Co. is a world-famous craft brewer. It has gotten that status in part due to its flagship beer, Alpha King. The American Pale Ale has a caramel sweetness to go with a citrus hoppiness that gives it its distinct flavor. The website RateBeer recently named Alpha King the best in its class as well as one of the best beers in the world. Times reporter Joseph Pete wrote that the beer is "so legendary that a brewing challenge at the Great American Beer Festival is named in its honor and a reviewer has said it could be the benchmark for reviewing American Pale Ales." The beer is also the subject of a new comic book being put out by 3 Floyds and Image Comics. The series will follow the journey of the samurai warrior Alpha King. Alpha King is 6.66 percent alcohol by volume. It is brewed with centennial, cascade and warrior hops. Three Floyds is at 9750 Indiana Parkway in Munster. For more information, call (219) 922-3565 or visit www.3floyds.com. Imperial Raspberry Ale Shoreline Brewery has something special for beer drinkers with a sweet tooth. Its Imperial Raspberry Ale¬†is an old-style strong ale infused with fresh raspberries, with a delicate balance between sweet malts and tart fruits, according to the brewery. The ale was winner of a gold medal at this year's Festival of Barrel Aged Beers, in the fruit beer category. Shoreline Brewery, which opened in 2005, offers 12 beers on tap and barrel-age series bottles in the dining room with the option of recapping to take the balance home. "Our food menu is a nice balance of innovative dishes, and traditional fare you would expect to find in a brew pub," according to the brewery. Shoreline Brewery is open 11 a.m. to midnight Sunday through Thursday and 11 a.m. to 1 a.m. Friday and Saturday. Hunter's Brewery Khao Hom Mali The local Hunter Brewing describes its Khao Hom Mali Cream Ale as its take on a classic American style. The ale is brewed with¬†jasmine rice, which lends light sweetness and a pleasant floral note, according to co-owners and brewers¬†Justin Reisetter and Amy Gentry. The beer has an alcohol by volume count of¬†5.4 percent and is available on a rotating basis. Hunter's Brewing has been open since February 2013 at 1535 S. Calumet Road in Chesterton and currently features nine taps. Most of the beers are available to go in howlers and growlers. Guest beers, ciders and wines are also featured. Gentry said a kitchen was added in October and featuring a completely vegetarian menu of bar snacks, appetizers, soups and sandwiches. Hunter's Brewing is open from 4 to 9 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, noon to 9 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays. The Hesperidium from St. John Malt Brothers You can find 16-ounce cans of St. John Malt Brothers‚Äô Hesperidium at many bars and liquor stores throughout the Region. If you haven‚Äôt tried the American IPA that has a strong but not too bitter 60 IBUs, you should. Herperidium goes down smooth with a floral aroma and a malty finish. The ‚Äúkiller craft beer,‚Äù which is also available at the brewery at 9575 Wicker Ave. in St. John, has a citrus flavor with notes of grapefruit, and is easier on the pocketbook than canned beer from several other local craft breweries. ‚ÄúHespiridium is a very malt-forward India Pale ale, made with tons of Centennial and Citra Hops,‚Äù St. John Malt Brothers owner James Estry said. ‚ÄúThis IPA delivers a seriously refreshing citrus welcome and finishes with a sinfully smooth IPA finish. The extra gain sugars of this IPA seriously reduces the finishing hop bite.‚Äù For more information, call (219) 627.4294 or visit www.sjmaltbros.com. Crown Brewing's Region Red Crown Brewing's Region Red is one of the only ‚Äî if not the only ‚Äî beer in the Region with "region" in the title. The brewery at 211 S. East St. has made red ales periodically since its founding in 2008, but made the first one with the name Region Red last year. "When we brewed it, we added more hops to the brew to make it more of a red IPA, with great results," said Crown¬†brewmaster Steve Mazylewski. "We wanted to make it more of an aggressive hoppy beer. Those are the trends nowadays with all the craft beers." Region Red is dry-hopped for additional flavor and aroma, and uses caramel malts that give it a coffee-like sweetness, which balances out the hoppiness. The seasonal beer pops up on the menu whenever Crown Brewing has an empty tank to play around with, Mazlewski said. For more information on Crown Brewing, call (219) 663-4545 or visit crownbrewing.com. 18th Street Brewery's Cockfight 18th Street Brewery has been taking over the Region with taprooms in Gary's Miller neighborhood and now Hammond, and 22-ounce bombers and six-packs are available at retailers across Northwest Indiana. The award-winning brewery has many fine and celebrated beers, including off-the-beaten-path offerings like sours. Drew Fox's craft brewery, which was named best new brewery in the state by RateBeer when it first opened, makes a fine farmhouse ale or saison called Cockfight. It's so-called because its earthy, barnyard aroma evokes ‚Äúa good, old-fashioned day on the farm with the chickens.‚Äù ‚ÄúCockfight is a beautiful bright, complex farmhouse,‚Äù Fox said. ‚ÄúA lot of our customers love this beer because its 5.3 percent ABV and really because it screams spring and summer. It's great for the beach, concerts and backyard barbecues, pairs great with any food. But especially seafood, Thai food and a beautiful summer salad.‚Äù 18th Street has locations at 5725 Miller Ave. in Gary and at 5417 Oakley Ave. in Hammond. For more information, call Hammond at (219) 803.0820 or Gary at (219) 939.8802, or visit 18thstreetbrewery.com. Sum Nug India Pale Ale Shoreline Brewery has something special for IPA fans. Its Sum Nug India Pale Ale combines two hops ‚Äî summit and nugget ‚Äî to produce an American-style IPA¬†with a very hoppy nose and taste, making a nice malty balance to smooth out the back end of the beer, according to the brewery. The beer became an instant favorite at the Shoreline Brewery. Shoreline Brewery, which opened in 2005, offers 12 beers on tap and barrel-age series bottles in the dining room with the option of recapping to take the balance home. "Our food menu is a nice balance of innovative dishes and traditional fare you would expect to find in a brew pub," according to the brewery. Shoreline Brewery is open from 11 a.m. to midnight Sunday through Thursday, and 11 a.m. to 1 a.m. Friday and Saturday. Four Fathers Brewing's Sloth Loves Chunk "It's almost like drinking a candy bar." That's how Four Fathers Brewing co-owner Colin Oswald describes Sloth Loves Chunk, a double milk stout brewed with caramel, peanut and cocoa nibs. It's sweet from the caramel, bitter from the chocolate and gets a nutty character from the peanut. "It's very creamy and smooth," he said. "It does not taste like a 10 percent ABV beer. It's definitely an easy drinker." The name is easy to remember, too. Oswald, who owns the brewery with his wife, Kim, and Jason and Beth Lacny, said they wanted to make a Baby Ruth beer. Who can forget the scene in "Goonies" where Sloth gives Chunk a candy bar and says, "Baby Ruth"? "We like that movie," Oswald said. Sloth Loves Chunk was released Friday. It had been about six months since the previous release, he said. For more information about Four Fathers Brewing or where Sloth Loves Chunk and its other beers are distributed, visit http://fourfathersbrewing.com or call (219) 464-9712. The tap room at 1555 W. Lincolnway in Valparaiso is open Thursday through Sunday. Ironwood Brewing Co. features Beneficence, an American IPA. Ironwood Brewing Co.'s Beneficence is the "hoppiest beer of its offerings," according to owner Barb Kehe. Kehe opened Ironwood at 6 Roosevelt Road in 2013 as a tasting room/bar facility. At anytime, she has nine brews, made on site, on tap. Beneficence is an American India Pale Ale made with centennial, citra and galaxy hops. It has a 6.2 percent ABV (alcohol by volume) and over 100 IBU (international bitterness units) rating. "It is a well-balanced American IPA with a lot of citrus-type fruit flavors and an aroma that smells wonderful," Kehe said. The beer is named after her "grandpuppy," she said, which is named after the Beneficence statue at Ball State University, where her son attended college. Kehe said she had wanted to open up a craft brewery for 20 or 25 years and did so after her son went to college. The brewery is open from 4 to 9 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday; 2 to 10 p.m. Friday and Saturday; and from 1 to 6 p.m. Sunday. Mild Child Anyone can appreciate a Mild Child and you can get yours at the local Hunter's Brewing. The southern English brown ale features smooth chocolaty malt sweetness with notes of caramel and toasted biscuit,¬†according to co-owners and brewers¬†Justin Reisetter and Amy Gentry. The ale has an alcohol by volume count of¬†6 percent and is available on a rotating basis. Hunter's Brewing has been open since February 2013 at 1535 S. Calumet Road in Chesterton and currently features nine taps. Most of the beers are available to go in howlers and growlers. Guest beers, ciders and wines also¬†are featured. Gentry said a kitchen was added in October and features a completely vegetarian menu of bar snacks, appetizers, soups and sandwiches. Hunter's Brewing is open from 4 to 9 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, noon to 9 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays. Byway Brewing's 1871 Conflagration. Byway Brewing at 2825 Carlson Drive hasn't been open long, but the people who opened the venture have a solid knowledge of what makes a good beer and restaurant. Munster resident Dave Toth and Chicagoan Tom Duszynski, who brewed their first beer together in 1997, and restaurateur Branko Sajn also knew enough to hire Master Brewer Patrick Jones. Jones previously worked with Gordon Biersch Brewing in Colorado and Triumph Brewing in Philadelphia. A featured beer is 1871 Conflagration ‚Äî a red ale named after the Great Chicago Fire. It is described as a medium-bodied brew with a balance of caramel malts and Cascade hops. The beer starts off smooth, and Jones notes that the hops provide a mix of grapefruit and pine flavors. The caramel maltiness will go with many of the roasted meats featured on the menu, he said. At the same time, the hoppiness of the beer pairs well with the spicy items, such as the smoked chili mayo found in the Byway BLT, he said. "The smoked chili mayor holds up well with the pop from the hops," Jones said. For more information, call (219) 844-5468 or visit www.bywaybrewing.beer Burn 'Em Brewing's Pale Alement.¬† Burn ‚ÄòEm Brewing‚Äôs slogan is ‚Äúcomfort the disturbed, disturb the comfortable.‚Äù The experimental Michigan City craft brewery at 718 Freyer Road has a crisp extra pale ale that will comfort anyone, whether comfortable or disturbed. Pale Alement is a smooth, citrusy pale ale that‚Äôs very sessionable at 5.6 ABV and 38 IBUs. It‚Äôs a departure from some of Burn ‚ÄòEm‚Äôs more extreme beers, which can feature novel ingredients like graham crackers and creamed corn. ‚ÄúPale Alement is our light-bodied Centennial-hopped pale ale with a crisp bitter finish,‚Äù said Rob Austin with Burn ‚ÄòEm Brewing. ‚ÄúRefreshing and satisfying on the palate, it‚Äôs definitely a year-round crusher.‚Äù Online reviewers have praised Pale Alement as smooth and mild with a strong hop aroma. For more information, visit burnembrewing.com or call (219) 210-3784. ¬†Ironwood Brewing Co.'s Commodore Porter Ironwood Brewing Co. describes itself as "a place where fans of craft beer can meet for stimulating conversation and a couple of great brews." The Valparaiso-based craft brewery opened in 2013 and features several beers. One year-round beer to take note of is the Commodore Porter. This brew is best described as a robust porter with a 5.1 ABV. The beer is named for Commodore David Porter, Porter County's namesake. "It's a nice, dark, malty beer," owner Barb Kehe said. "It's not real roasty, but some porters are." Kehe went on to explain that the Commodore Porter has chocolate notes, which make it real easy to drink. "It's one of my best-sellers," she said. Ironwood Brewing is at 6 Roosevelt Road, Valparaiso. It's open from 4 to 9 p.m. Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 2 to 10 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 1 to 6 p.m. Sundays. For more information, visit ironwoodbrewing.beer or call (219) 405-4644. Dave Toth samples some product by one of the brewing tanks at ByWay Brewing in Hammond.¬† Given the huge popularity of India Pale Ales, who would have thought it would have taken until 2016 until a craft brewery came up with the seemingly obviously ChiPA? Byway Brewing at 2825 Carlson Drive in Hammond took that name to describe its 50 IBU IPA, which includes¬†Horizon, Citra, Mosaic, Simcoe, Calypso, Lemondrop, Apollo, Amarillo and Chinook hops. "It's a very sessionable IPA with 6.5 ABV," said Dave Toth, one of the owners. "It's somewhat pale and has intended haze from the dry hops. It has a medium body, smooth bitterness and tons of hoppy aroma." Brewer Patrick Jones, who's won several Great American Beer Festival Awards, came up with that hops mix when he was brewing on the East Coast. "There's a nice array of hops," Toth said. "It shows the diversity." Byway Brewing is going to brew a new batch of ChiPA this Friday with chico yeast that's used in Alchemist's Heady Topper. "We wanted to use chico yeast because it has a better quality," he said. "It will lend a whole new attitude to the beer." For more information, call (219) 844-5468 or visit www.bywaybrewing.beer New Oberpfalz's Helles Lager Described as pale, straw-colored and malty with a distinct lager finish, New Oberpfalz Brewing's Helles Lager is the brewery's flagship lager. Daniel A. Lehnerer opened the brewery at 121 E. Main St. with his wife, Jennifer, in January 2015. According to Lehnerer, the lager is "an easy drinking beer. A beer for the masses." "We are pretty evenly split between ales and lagers," Lehnerer said, "but Helles stands out as one of our best-sellers."¬† Lehnerer said the brewery always likes to have it on draft in the tap room because it appeals to so many people. It is¬†also currently available on draft at Bridges Scoreboard Bar & Grill, Doc's BBQ in Dyer, and at Karma Cigar Bar in Merrillville. "Other draft customers bring it in as they can," Lehnerer said. He said it is also sold in 22-ounce bottles at independent liquor stores all over Lake and Porter County. For more information, visit www.newoberpfalz.com or call (312) 841-1173. Four Fathers Brewing‚Äôs Dr. Terminus. Dr. Terminus is named for a corrupt traveling salesman, but the beer's fans like what Four Fathers Brewing is selling. The citrus-forward, medium-body American pale ale is "very smooth" and made exclusively with hops from Howe Farms in Crown Point, Four Fathers co-owner Colin Oswald said. Oswald said he and co-owner Jason Lacny were ecstatic when Howe Farms agreed to work with them to make a special blend of hops for the beer. "You tell people, 'These hops are from Crown Point,' and they're like, 'Oh, really?'" he said. "It's a really nice selling feature." Using locally grown hops also saves on transportation costs, he said. Dr. Terminus got its name from the movie "Pete's Dragon," Oswald said. In the movie about a boy and his dragon, Dr. Terminus is a traveling salesman peddling a magical tonic. Lacny came up with the name, Oswald said. "He just out of the blue said, 'I want to call a beer Dr. Terminus,' and that's how it came to be." Dr. Terminus is currently in distribution. For information about Four Fathers Brewing and where its beers are distributed, visit http://fourfathersbrewing.com or call (219) 464-9712. The tap room at 1555 W. Lincolnway in Valparaiso is open Thursday through Sunday. Bulldog Brewing's Downtime Wheat¬† Imagine the satisfaction of drinking a cold American wheat beer after a long day at the steel mill. Bulldog Brewery created Downtime Wheat with the intent of giving blue-collar workers an adult beverage they could enjoy after a long day at work, said Kevin Clark, one of the three co-founders. The beer's artwork even has a steam whistle meant to represent the end of the work day. Downtime Wheat is the brewery's flagship beer, which is unfiltered with yeast and citrus notes. Clark said that makes it a light and easy-to-drink craft beer with an ABV of 5.5 percent. "It's something nice and light," he said. "As soon as you get out of work, you run to the bar when the whistle blows and have a Downtime Wheat." Most of the brewery's customers are steelworkers, Clark said. The founders of the brewery all work in industry-related jobs. He recommends the beer be paired with the brewery's pub burger that is served on a pretzel bun. Downtime Wheat is also available as part of the $3 draft specials on Sundays.¬† Bulldog Brewery, which has been open for nearly five years, is at 1409 119th St., in Whiting. It's open from 11 a.m. to 12 a.m. Sunday through Thursday. On Friday and Saturday, the bar is open from 11 a.m. to 2 a.m. Four Fathers Brewing's Western Sunrise After watching an atomic bomb test in a remote Pacific location, an onlooker said it resembled a western sunrise. Four Fathers Brewing's Western Sunrise is a "very expressive" India pale ale made with Brettanomyces, a wild yeast, co-owner Colin Oswald said. It's one of the beers in the Valparaiso brewery's Atomic series of IPAs. Brettanomyces gives the beer a tropical fruit character, with notes of pineapple and peach. It has a bright aroma, mouth feel and flavor. "It's got a very balanced bitterness," Oswald said. "It's actually very hoppy, but the bitterness doesn't last on your tongue too long." Four Fathers uses a Pilsner malt, which is clean and doesn't offer a lot of flavors, and a combination of Citra, Galaxy and Columbus hops, he said. Four Fathers doesn't distribute Western Sunrise, but often has it in its tap room at 1555 W. Lincolnway in Valparaiso. It should be available in mid-May, said Oswald, who owns the brewery with wife Kim, Jason Lacny and Lancy's wife, Beth. The tap room is open Thursday through Sunday. For information about Four Fathers, visit http://fourfathersbrewing.com or call (219) 464-9712. Wildrose Brewing's Big Sexy is an American-style pale ale made exclusively with citra hops. Wildrose Brewing's Big Sexy has big appeal. The American-style pale ale made exclusively with citra hops is the Griffith brewery's best seller, brewer and co-owner Kevin Krippel said. Citra hops are in high demand nationally and give Big Sexy a citrus character, he said. Co-owner Tony Nicola developed the recipe before Wildrose opened its doors in March 2015, when the brewers were working out of their garages. The beer got its name because Nicola's nickname is Big Sexy, Krippel said. It's 6 percent ABV and 60 IBU. Big Sexy is available at Wildrose Brewing, 1104 East St., Griffith, or at local restaurants such as Doc's Smokehouse and Craft Bar in Dyer, Burgerhaus in Schererville and Brewfest in Highland. Wildrose is planning a first anniversary celebration May 28. For more information about the party, tap room hours and its beers, go to www.wildrosebrewing.com, call (219) 595-5054 or email sm@wildrosebrewing.com. Ironwood Brewing Co. W3 beer. Valparaiso's Ironwood Brewing Co. describes its beers as "true-to-style with an occasional twist." That includes their American wheat beer, the W3 (Wizard, Wand, Wheat). The name is W3 because the tap handle is a wizard wand. "Wizard, wheat, wand," owner Barb Kehe said. "Thus we have W3." At a 5 ABV, this wheat beer is flavored with lemongrass and ginger and is light in body and color. Kehe added that the ginger notes give it a fresh finish. "It's an excellent summer beer," she said. "It's great on the deck or the patio back here (at Ironwood Brewing)." Ironwood Brewing is at 6 Roosevelt Road, Valparaiso. It's open from 4 to 9 p.m. Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 2 to 10 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 1 to 6 p.m. Sundays. For more information, visit ironwoodbrewing.beer or call (219) 405-4644. Byway Brewing's Goldblatz If you are dipping your toes into the craft beer scene, Goldblatz could be your introduction to Byway Brewing. Master Brewer Patrick Jones said the golden ale is meant to be an introduction to the brewery's other craft beers. "This is our tip of the hat," he said.¬† Goldblatz is a light beer that is meant to be crisp and mildly fruity. He described it as a good seasonal beer. It's made with horizon and glacier hops and has a 5 percent ABV.¬† The craft beer was named Goldblatz as a play on words between a brand of beers and the Goldblatt's Department Store that was once located in downtown Hammond.¬† Jones said Goldblatz is paired well with the restaurant's daily salad or cheese curds. Byway Brewing is at 2825 Carlson Drive in Hammond. It's open from 11:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday. On Friday and Saturday, the taproom is open from 11:30 a.m. to midnight. Route 2 Brews' Psychotic Blonde Route 2 Brews‚Äô Psychotic Blonde is a light, full-bodied blonde ale with a mild malt-forward complexity. Based in Lowell, the small-production microbrewery on the edge of farm country brews this hyper-local hybrid blonde ale with hops from Howe Farms in Crown Point. Founded by hobby brewer Christopher Fast and opened in fall 2014, Route 2 Brews is committed to quality as it expands to local liquor stores, restaurants and taverns, Fast said. Route 2 Brews beers are available in the Region from Highland to Lowell in Lake County, and east to Porter in Porter County. Its evolving tasting room also offers a cozy atmosphere. Route 2 Brews is at 141 Harding Drive in Lowell. Wildrose Brewing's Mad Cow. It's creamy with a nice, light coconut finish. Wildrose Brewing's Mad Cow milk stout is fermented with fresh coconut and has a "good, smooth back end," co-owner Kevin Krippel said. Mad Cow, which is 6.5 ABV and 35 IBU, was created by Wildrose co-owners David and Karen DeJong. The couple have been making it since before March 2015, when Wildrose opened the doors at its brew pub at 1104 East St. in Griffith, Krippel said. Mad Cow is available at the brew pub or at local restaurants such as Doc's Smokehouse and Craft Bar in Dyer, Burgerhaus in Schererville and Brewfest in Highland. Wildrose is planning a first anniversary celebration May 28. For more information about the party, tap room hours and its beers, go to www.wildrosebrewing.com, call (219) 595-5054 or email sm@wildrosebrewing.com. Saint John Brothers' Bolder Burnt Bottom Brown Described as light enough to be enjoyed year-round, Saint John Malt Brothers' Bolder Burnt Bottom Brown is one of the brewery's most popular beers. "Chocolaty English malt and deeply caramelized (burnt) brown sugar with subtle hops combine to provide a flavor-packed English brown ale that is sweet, smooth, easy to drink and finishes delightfully smoky," said Jim Estry, president of Saint John Malt Brothers Inc. Esty said the burnt part of the name came about because of a fortuitous accident in the making of the beer. He said during the brewing process, the wort, or unfermented beer, was accidentally burned. At first, he said, they thought the beer was ruined. When they tried it, however, they found out it tasted great. "It's got that really great smoky flavor that a lot of people really enjoy," he said.¬† According to Esty, the beer, also known as 4B, can be found at more than 200 locations, including bars and liquor stores, in northern and central Indiana. It is also available at the brewing company's tasting room at 9575 Wicker Ave. There are 14 different beers on tap at the facility, including a Belgian tripel, a lager, a blond ale, a black IPA plus three other IPAs, and two barrel-aged beers. For more information, call (219) 627-4294 or visit www.sjmaltbros.com. Route 2 Brews' Munkey Junk Any microbrewery worth its salt had better have an IPA on its roster. Call it an unwritten rule. Route 2 Brews' Christopher Fast wasn't about to ignore it. And thus the Lowell-based brewmaster came up with his first IPA, Munkey Junk, within two months of opening up shop at 141 Harding Drive in the winter of 2014. "I wanted a true West Coast-style tongue scraper," Fast said. It took a couple of batches to get Munkey Junk right, but the addition of local hops from Howe Farms in Crown Point was the final stroke that brought everything together. Throw in a memorable name conjured up by Fast's wife, Gwendolyn, and Route 2 had itself an instant hit. "In terms of bitterness it is our hoppiest beer," said Fast, who has since added two other IPAs ‚Äî Stacked and Devil's Pride ‚Äî to the Route 2 menu. "A lot of our beers are really balanced and this tends to be more on the bitter side. ... It‚Äôs a pain in the butt to brew, just because of all the hops we throw into it, but it‚Äôs one of my personal favorites." For more about Route 2 Brews, visit route2brewery.com. CAMMIT from Pokro Brewing Chamomile¬†‚Äî a flower that's used to treat everything from hay fever to insomnia¬†‚Äî isn't just for tea anymore.¬† It's the key ingredient in the popular CAMMIT wheat beer at Pokro Brewing Co. at 311 N. Broad St. in Griffith. It was so popular it ended up on tap permanently, so you can grab a pint or a growler anytime at the brewpub. "CAMMIT is a light, refreshing Belgian witbier brewed with dried chamomile flowers," co-owner Robyn Pokropinski¬†said. "It started out as a seasonal offering last summer, but it quickly sold out, and our customers kept asking for it even as the weather cooled down, so we now offer it year-round." Pokro specializes in Belgian beer, and its CAMMIT is a refreshing summery ale made with a lot of wheat in the mash. An online reviewer praised the witbier with a 5 percent ABV as "a very nice beer" for its "great balance" and "floral lemon wheat malt aroma." For more information, visit pokrobrewing.com¬†or call (219) 924-7950. St. John Malt Brothers' Hoperidium. Saint John Malt Brothers at 9575 Wicher Ave. in St. John has an IPA with an intense flavor that's available in cans around the Region. ‚ÄúHoperidium is our next generation Citra IPA,‚Äù Saint John Malt Brothers President James Estry said. ‚ÄúMultiple dry hopping with huge quantities of Citra hops, give this IPA an intense citrus aroma. The well-balanced malt beer makes for easy drinking and the intense grapefruit ‚Äî and¬†at the end gives you a refreshing finish." The secret's in the hops. "It‚Äôs important to note that this beer contains no fruit," Estry said. "All of the citrus flavors and aromas are provided solely from the hops. This beer recent won a blind taste test competition where it went up against 32 hoppy Indiana beers, including some well-known varieties.‚Äù Hoperidium isn't a beer to be taken lightly, Estry said. ‚ÄúAt 70 IBUs and a 7.2 percent ABV, this India Pale Ale is certainly one to be reckoned with,‚Äù he said. For more information, visit sjmaltbros.com or call (219) 627-4294. The HopWagen IPA at New Oberpfalz in Griffith. New Oberpfalz, the German-themed brewery in downtown Griffith, keeps it local, shipping in hops from a neighboring state instead of all the way from the Pacific Northwest. ‚ÄúHopWagen IPA is a true American IPA,‚Äù said New Oberpfalz owner Dan Leherner said. ‚ÄúIt is made with 100 percent North American malt and hops grown in Hickory Corners, Michigan, near Saugatuck. It is moderately bitter as many IPAs are, but it has a floral and fruity aroma and a smooth, clean finish. It is an easy drinking, full-flavored IPA.‚Äù The 7.1 ABV IPA was named HopWagen after a talk Leherner had with his brewer. To wit: ‚ÄúMe: ‚ÄòJohnny, what do you want this IPA to be? Fruity? Floral? Palate-wrecking hop bomb?‚Äô John: ‚ÄòWe already have a pallet wrecking hop bomb. We need a hop delivery vehicle.‚Äô ‚ÄòA hop semi? A hop ship?‚Äô ‚ÄòNo, something smaller.‚Äô ‚ÄòLike a Volkswagen? A HopWagen?‚Äô " For more information, call (219) 513.9341 or visit¬†www.newoberpfalz.com. Burn 'Em Brewing's MCA Northwest Indiana craft breweries make many fine India Pale Ales, and Burn ‚ÄòEm Brewing in Michigan City is no exception. The craft brewery at 718 Freyer Road is known for creative, adventurous beers like a Belgian Wit brewed with coriander, cystallized ginger and rose petals, but it also makes a quaffable IPA with citrusy flavors and moderate bitterness. ‚ÄúMCA is our tribute India Pale Ale brewed for the last business that occupied our building, Michigan City Associates ‚Äî hence the construction theme on the can,‚Äù said Rob Austin with Burn ‚ÄòEm Brewing. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a light-bodied ale with refreshing bitterness and notes of mango and grapefruit. A true IPA lover‚Äôs IPA.‚Äù The 6.8 ABV IPA has a fruity taste and has won praise online for a ‚Äúnice sweet-bitter balance‚Äù and its ‚Äúmedium-bodied mouthfeel.‚Äù It‚Äôs available in cans throughout Northern Indiana. For more information, visit burnembrewing.com or call (219) 210-3784. Pokro Brewing‚Äôs Caveman Ale Some of the best things are discovered by accident. Such was the case with Pokro Brewing Co.‚Äôs Caveman Ale, a smoky brown ale that was the product of a camping trip more than a decade ago. ‚ÄúWe had a stronger porter, and we actually mixed our bourbon with it while we were camping, and it tasted really good,‚Äù said Joe Pokropinski, founder of Pokro Brewing and hirsute inspiration for the Caveman name. Obviously, the addition of the bourbon made it a little too potent for the average drinker. Thus, Pokropinski decided convert it into a brown ale. The result was a product that has been part of the Pokro stable for more than 13 years, dating back to when the former metal fabricator was frothing up brews in his own home. The Griffith-based brewery will celebrate its first year at its 311 N. Broad St. location from noon to 11 p.m. Saturday with a ‚Äú1st Beer-iversary Bash.‚Äù Caveman will no doubt be front and center at the celebration. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a robust brown ale, with a hint of smoke to it. We age it with oak chips ... it helps give it a little drier, more complex finish,‚Äù Pokropinski said. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs always really consistent, has a good, solid fanbase.‚Äù For more information on Pokro Brewing, visit pokrobrewing.com. Route 2 Brews' Devil's Pride Football is big in this town. So the beer that draws its name from gridiron Lowell High School Red Devils had better be big, too. Devil's Pride at Route 2 Brews is a dangerously and devilishly smooth Imperial IPA with soft peach, citrus and pine aromas.¬† "It will creep up on you," said brewmaster Christopher Fast, who opened Route 2 Brews about a year and a half ago at 141 Harding Drive. Fast said most batches of Devil's Pride average about 10.1 percent ABV.¬† "You can't taste it and you have to pace yourself with it," he said. "But it is very flavorful. It's one of my favorite beers and she sells out quick. I can't keep it in stock." That's because of small batch-making, Fast said, although he's planning to upgrade the brewing system to keep up with demands, especially for Devil's Pride and his other IPAs like Munkey Junk and Stacked.¬† Route 2 Brews also¬†can be found on tap at various bars and restaurants in Lake County as well as for purchase at about half a dozen liquor stores. During one purchase of Devil's Pride by this reporter at Lowell Liquors, the clerk simply said, "This is a good beer."¬† For more about Route 2 Brews, visit route2brewery.com. High 5 95ate5 Brew Pub has been offering an eclectic menu of beverages and culinary specialties since it opened in early 2015. Owned by The Mix family, with Bill Mix in the role of general manager, the pub is housed on the premises of Comfort's Catering and is located on Industrial Drive. Mix said local and regional craft beers are in the spotlight. Brews made on the premises will regularly be introduced at the pub. The inaugural beer to emerge from the brewery is High Five. "We've been serving that since January," said Mix. "It's our first in-house brew." Mix said the aim with the brewery was to start out small.¬† "We're brewing for in-house consumption, not master brewing." High Five is a Citra Hopped IPA with 5.5 percent ABV and 50 IBU. Mix described the beer as a light session IPA. "It has the bitterness of grapefruit, sweetness of peach and it's a mild hoppy beer," he said. Mix added High 5 is a collaboration between him and friends Rich Lager and Jim Green, who all have an interest in home brewing. Mix said he's looking to expand the brew pub's beer menu in creative ways. 'We plan to have a home brew club and also want to sell one-off home brews," he said. At 95ate5 Brew Pub, Mix said, he plans on offering various educational opportunities in the future and stresses they'll continue to provide beer for "every day and every person." To learn more about the brew pub, visit 95ate5.com. Bulldog Brewing's Industrial Harbor IPA Bulldog Brewing's motto is "craft beer for hardworking people," and that's reflected in its Industrial Harbor IPA. It's the main India Pale Ale and second most popular beer overall at the craft brewery at 1409 119th St. in Whiting. Owner Kevin Clark, who's a steelworker, was looking for a name that reflected how India Pale Ales were shipped to British troops in India, while tying it the Region's industrial heritage. He settled on Industrial Harbor, a nod to the Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal between the former Inland and Youngstown steel mills in East Chicago, which is depicted on the label art. "The mills use that harbor, the refinery uses the harbor," he said. "It goes all the way back to Safety-Kleen, and reflects our industrial might." Clark said the IPA, one of many the brewery brews, has a maltiness and hoppiness that pairs well with the brewpub's burgers and spicy buffalo wings, which are dressed with a house-made¬†habanero¬†sauces made with dry¬†habaneros. "It's big and malty with a nice red color," he said. "We roast it with English Noble Hops. It's got a 8 ABV and 70 IBUs. It's our No. 2 beer after Downtime Wheat." For more information, visit¬†bulldogbrewingco.com or call (219) 655.5284. The Night Goat at Devil‚Äôs Trumpet in Hobart. Most craft beer enthusiasts probably appreciate other finely crafted beverages, like single-origin artisan coffee that's locally roasted by people who really know their coffee. Devil's Trumpet Brewing at 8250 Utah St. in Hobart brews an oatmeal stout with Dark Matter Coffee, one of the most well-regarded coffee roasters in Chicago.¬† "We all love coffee here at Devil's Trumpet," chief brewing officer Bob Lusin said. "Night Goat is an extension of our love of coffee. Night Goat is our full-bodied oatmeal stout that we finish with a hefty amount of lactose sugar. After fermentation we add a generous amount of Dark Matter Coffee out of Chicago that we cold brew in house ourselves." Night Goat is bottled and available in six packs at the taproom and throughout the Region. "The combination of malt, lactose sugar and coffee work very well together to make a full-bodied sessionable coffee stout that comes in at 5.5 percent ABV," Lusin said. For more information, visit thedevilstrumpet.com or call (219) 576-7118. Bulldog Brewing Company's Red Roby Ale Caramel malts and English hops give Bulldog Brewing Co.'s Roby Red Ale its robust flavor. And a long-gone, one-mile dirt track off of Indianapolis Boulevard gives the beer its name. The medium-bodied red rye ale is named for the Roby Speedway, which held races from 1920 to 1936 on a track between 108th and 112th streets, west of Indianapolis Boulevard and just east of the Hammond/Chicago border. "We like names that have something to do with the area," brewmaster Kevin Clark said. Roby Red is 6.5 percent ABV. "It has a hoppy character," Clark said.¬†The ale goes well with some of the bolder food at Bulldog's restaurant, like the buffalo chicken wings and sirloin steak, he said. Roby Red is a staple brew at the nearly 5-year-old Bulldog Brewing, 1409 119th St. in Whiting. The pub and restaurant open at 11 a.m. daily. The pub is open until midnight Sunday through Thursday and until 2 a.m. Friday and Saturday. The restaurant closes at 9 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, and 10 p.m. Friday and Saturday. Visit www.bulldogbrewingco.com for more information. Pokro Brewing Co.'s Race Cars & Unicorns. Pokro Brewing Company's Race Cars & Unicorns is a hoppy IPA with notes of citrus and a slogan that helps explain its unique name: "Race cars, unicorns and beer ‚Äî¬†everything that will make you smile in one glass." The well-received brew has become one of Pokro's staples, owner Joe Pokropinski said. The beer's name emerged during "one of those all night brew sessions," Pokropinski explained. "It was about 4 in the morning ... we wanted something that makes people happy." Race Cars & Unicorns is 7.6 percent alcohol by volume, and at 74 IBUs "it's pretty hoppy." But the focus is the flavor, and the orange and tangerine finish, he said. In addition to being a regular at the brewery, Race Cars & Unicorns has also been on tap at restaurants including Tomato Bar and Doc's Smokehouse & Craft Bar. Pokro Brewing, which recently celebrated its first anniversary, is located at 311 Broad St. in Griffith. It's open from 4 to 11 p.m. Tuesday through Friday, 12 to 11 p.m. Saturday and 12 to 8 p.m. Sunday. Visit www.pokrobrewing.com or call (219) 924-7950 for more information, and check Pokro's Facebook page for specials and event announcements. Twisted K-8's Buccaneer's Fear Buccaneer's Fear is one of Twisted K-8 brewmaster Michael Boshaw's favorites among all the beers he brews. "It is a very smooth beer despite the high alcohol content of around 11 percent," Boshaw said of the Belgian Imperial Stout. The dark brew carries notes of chocolate and vanilla. "The Belgian yeast gives it a unique flavor for a stout," Boshaw said. Twisted K-8 Brewing was established in 2013 by Kate and Michael Boshaw. It's located at 610 Monroe St. in downtown LaPorte. Twisted K-8 is open from 4 to 8 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday, 4 to 9 p.m. Wednesday, 4 to 10 p.m. Friday, noon to 9 p.m. Saturday and noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Visit twistedk-8.com, call (219) 369-6279 or visit Twisted K-8's Facebook page for more information.  For nearly a decade, Hoosiers who didn't live near the border had only one option if they wa‚Ä¶ St. John Malt Brothers has doubled its brew tanks and tripled the size of its fermentation cellar.  Devil's Trumpet Brewing Co., the Hobart craft brewery named after a flower, has been blossom‚Ä¶ If you're looking for more than just great food and drinks, these 12 Region spots are just what the doctor ordered.  Business reporter Joseph S. Pete is a Lisagor Award-winning business reporter who covers steel, industry, unions, the ports, retail, banking and more. The Indiana University grad has been with The Times since 2013 and blogs about craft beer, culture and the military. 
                                    
                                        Whenever Joseph S Pete posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Explore decades of announcements, obituaries and community news.  New Construction Homes from the Area's Top Builders 
Despite paralyzing US ban, ZTE is still fighting for its life
 CNET tambi√©n est√° disponible en espa√±ol. Don't show this again It's an uphill battle though. Here's what ZTE is blocked from accessing thanks to a Commerce Department denial order. ZTE's phones, like the Axon M, won't get any support thanks to this denial order.¬† The reports of ZTE's death are greatly exaggerated. Well, at least for now.  The fate of the Chinese maker of telecommunications gear has been up in the air since ZTE disclosed on Wednesday that it had shut down "the major operating activities of the company." The closure followed a US Commerce Department denial order, which banned any American businesses from selling products or services to ZTE for the next seven years.  But ZTE, which is also the fourth-largest smartphone maker in the US on account of its budget options, isn't throwing in the towel. The company had to shut down its operations to comply with the order, but it continues to talk with US government officials about a potential stay or reconsideration of the denial order, according to a person familiar with the situation.  "Ceasing operations does not mean we're going away," the person said, noting that ZTE has a cash reserve and could eventually tap into financing to stay alive. The company is also pegging its hopes on broader discussions between US and Chinese officials in their bilateral trade talks -- ZTE is expected to be a topic of conversation brought up on the Chinese side, the person said.  The denial order concerning ZTE, which experts have called a "death sentence" because it strips away access to critical US technology and hardware, is the latest hammer to drop on select Chinese vendors. Verizon and AT&T abandoned plans to sell smartphones from fellow Chinese company Huawei, and CNET first reported Best Buy would stop selling all Huawei products as well.¬† The heads of the FBI and CIA also warned against buying phones from either company. It also comes amid a broader escalation of tensions between China and the US over a looming trade war, including the threat of $150 billion in Chinese tariffs. The US and China are still trying to work out an agreement, with bilateral trade discussions happening this weekend.  For now, ZTE is in limbo as it seeks to comply with the order. The company has taken a conservative approach, and ZTE and its partners have issued requests to the Commerce Department for guidance on how to proceed. They haven't received a response, the person said.  "It's a very, very difficult uphill battle," said Doug Jacobson, an export controls and sanctions attorney for Jacobson Burton Kelley who represents suppliers that do business with ZTE. "Is it possible the government could give them some reprieve? Yes, but the likelihood would be very low, and there will be some additional measures ZTE will have to agree to." A spokesman for the Commerce Department wasn't available for comment. ZTE spent $2.34 billion on more than 200 US suppliers last year, acquiring components and software for phones and networking gear, the person said. Its largest suppliers are Qualcomm, Broadcom, Intel, Xilinx, SanDisk and Acacia Communications -- ZTE paid each company at least $100 million.  ZTE has ceased operations because of the US denial order.¬† A central debate has been whether ZTE could still have access to Google's Android operating system, which powers all of its smartphones, like the dual-screen Axon M. The person said ZTE could still use Android itself, since it's open source, but it would lose access to the Google Play app store. Even if ZTE built its own app store, it couldn't hold US-made apps.  Also, the company wouldn't get early access to Google's newest Android releases or even security patches until they were released to the public. Google's partners tend to get them early so they can be built into their latest phones.  Because most of its phones sold in the US are through local carriers like Verizon or T-Mobile, ZTE won't be able to access their ability to update or patch existing phones. It also couldn't run its phones through carrier testing, which is key to getting them in stores.  The lack of access to US technology has wider ripple effects. The ban hampers ZTE's ability to maintain or build new networks in countries like India, Italy or Austria, where its wireless network equipment covers nearly half the population. This all stems from ZTE selling US-origin equipment to Iran. The company reached a settlement in March 2017 with the Commerce Department and Treasury Department for $1.19 billion and the promise to terminate several employees and punish others.  ZTE disclosed earlier this year that while it had gotten rid of several employees, the company hadn't properly reduced the bonuses of some workers, or issued letters of reprimand. The inaction wasn't consistent with a progress report ZTE issued in July. It's because of those false statements that the Commerce Department decided to act.  There wasn't a grand scheme to mislead the US government, the person said, blaming a process failure with human resources and the lack of follow-up by leadership. ZTE has since doled out the appropriate penalties.  Jacobson is skeptical about that the argument will sway the Commerce Department. The other problem is the appeal is reviewed by the same agency that first handed out the punishment, so the information won't be seen by fresh eyes or another agency, he noted.¬† "Its options are limited," he said.¬† When the Commerce Department alerted ZTE that it was considering the denial order, the company had asked for 45 days to investigate and provide a report about the failure, to be submitted April 30.  The denial order was issued April 15. ZTE maintains it has the right to appeal, and it's pursuing a temporary suspension of the denial order. Once it exhausts its administrative options, it may consider legal ones, the person said.  If the denial order remains, ZTE will begin looking at ways to swap out US suppliers for other international ones. The company will have to look on a case-by-case basis at how its different products could continue to exist while complying with the order, though it hasn't begun to do this yet, the person said.  In terms of the potential damages, it's unclear how bad this could get. The Commerce Department had the option of inflicting a $300 million penalty.  "I'm sure it'll be in excess of that," the person said.¬† That's probably an understatement.  The story originally published at 12:48 pm PT.¬† Update, 4:56 pm PT: To include additional comment from an outside attorney. Follow the Money: This is how digital cash is changing the way we save, shop and work. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories in CNET's newsstand edition. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.
More than 100 rally, march to protest Amazon
 by KOMO Staff  More than 100 people gathered on Saturday for the "March on Amazon" protest headed by councilmember Kshama Sawant and the Affordable Housing Alliance.  (KOMO News) SEATTLE --  More than 100 people gathered on Saturday for the "March on Amazon" protest headed by councilmember Kshama Sawant and the Affordable Housing Alliance.  Marchers rallied at at Seattle Central College then began making their way to the Amazon headquarters in South Lake Union.  "We are demanding council to not backslide on $75 million dollar tax. Let‚Äôs call Mayor Durkan's bluff, " Sawant said before the march began. Mayor Jenny Durkan is pushing for a lower head tax. According to the march's Facebook page, the march was intended to protest Amazon's "corporate extortion of our city."  Supporters gathered like Sonja Ponath, a former tech employee and small-business owner said large companies "are not paying. All these companies make huge amounts of money." But some opponents were there, too. "This is ridiculous," said Keith Steinke. "They shouldn't dare Amazon to leave. I wouldn't want to see the consequences if they do." Amazon announced last week their decision to halt all planning on a massive project scheduled for construction in downtown Seattle because of the proposed 'head tax.' On Friday, the Seattle City Council voted 5-4  to approve the controversial $500-per-employee head tax on the city's largest businesses. The council voted on the proposal as a committee, which means another vote must be taken Monday before the head tax receives final council approval. The current head tax proposal OK'd by the council would require large corporations operating in Seattle to pay $500 per employee each year to finance homeless programs. The measure would raise an estimated $75 million. About $20 million of the total would come from Amazon, the city's largest employer, which opposes the tax and has halted construction on a 17-story office tower as it awaits a tax vote. The company is also rethinking filling office space in another leased building.  Alaska Airlines, Expedia and others also came out against the $500-per-head tax.  Durkan said Friday afternoon that she cannot support the proposal. Durkan released a statement Friday afternoon that she wants to support a proposal that will allow the creation of "good family wage jobs." "Unfortunately, the bill that pass out of committee hurts workers by stopping these good jobs, so I cannot support it," she said. "I will continue to work with council and remain hopeful that council will pass a bill that I can sign."   Last week, construction workers shouted down Sawant  as she attempted to speak in favor of the head tax at an open-air news conference. Other local businesses have also spoken out against the head tax.  Dick's Drive-In Restaurants said giving money directly to the city won't solve the homelessness problem, but giving it directly to the charities with a proven track record will. On the other side of the issue, advocates for the homeless and affordable housing crowded into Wednesday's city hall meeting.  One man, who works in homeless outreach, told the council, ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs important that we take a little bit of tax from the greedy and give it to those who need it most.‚Äù Seferina Hern√°ndez told the council she‚Äôs been living homeless in an Interbay tent city with her husband for months. She said because she doesn‚Äôt have a home her two children, ages 10 and 11, were court-ordered to live with her parents in Snohomish County. She fears she will lose custody, permanently, if they don‚Äôt get stable housing soon. ‚ÄúHousing will make a difference for my family,‚Äù she said. ‚ÄúIt will make a difference for other families too.‚Äù  Organizers of Saturday's march said on their Facebook page that they are against "Amazon's bullying" and want to tax "big business to fund affordable housing."  "We must stand up against Amazon's bullying! We cannot allow them to continue putting corporate greed before the rights and well-being of their workers and the cities they reside in!" the march's Facebook page said.   
Chili's Grill & Bar says "data incident" may have exposed credit card data
 Chili's Grill & Bar has informed customers of a "data incident," saying some payment information was compromised at "certain" locations between March and April, and that it will "continue to assess the scope of the incident." The chain restaurant said it believes malware was used to collect credit and debit card numbers along with the names of cardholders from its payment systems. "We deeply value our relationships with all of you and sincerely apologize to those who may have been affected," the company said in a statement. "We take the security and privacy of your data seriously and are working diligently to address this issue." The company said it learned of the incident on May 11, but did not say which locations -- or how many customers -- were affected. The company said it is working with third-party forensic experts to understand the details of the incident. "We are committed to sharing additional information on this ongoing investigation with our Guests as we learn more," the company said, adding there was "no reason to believe" customers would be putting themselves at risk by using a credit or debit card at one of their locations going forward. A Flickr image shows the sign at a Chili 
Zuckerberg acknowledges there was "a breach of trust between Facebook and the people who share their data with us" 
Together, they're responsible for the personal data of 50 million people being pulled from Facebook 
The Cambridge Analytica scandal has some Facebook users rethinking their relationship with the social network Copyright ¬© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc.All rights reserved.
Symantec Shares Drop on Lower Forecast, Internal Investigation
 Symantec Corp. declined as much as 19 percent after the company projected revenue and profit in the current quarter that will fall short of analyst predictions and disclosed an internal investigation into an unspecified matter. The world‚Äôs No. 1 maker of cybersecurity software said fiscal first-quarter profit will be 31 cents to 35 cents per share, compared with an estimate of 41 cents, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Revenue will be $1.14 billion to $1.17 billion, the Mountain View, California-based company said Thursday in a   statement. Analysts projected $1.19 billion. Shares dropped to a low of $23.53 in extended trading after closing at $29.18 in New York. More from Bloomberg.com: Rolls-Royce Debuts Its First SUV, the $325,000 Cullinan Symantec also said the audit committee of its board is investigating ‚Äúconcerns raised by a former employee,‚Äù and the company‚Äôs financial results and guidance could change as a result. Symantec said it had alerted the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and that as a result of the investigation it would delay the filing of its annual report for the fiscal year ended March 30. While Gartner Inc. predicts worldwide cybersecurity spending will rise 8 percent to $97 billion this year, Symantec is struggling with a decreasing number of people buying antivirus software for PCs, which historically has been a strong market. The company has sought to offset those declines with deals such as the $4.65 billion acquisition of Blue Coat Systems, which has lifted demand from corporations, and targeting affluent consumers concerned about identity theft with the $2.3 billion acquisition of LifeLock. More from Bloomberg.com: The Wealthy Are Hoarding $10 Billion of Bitcoin in Bunkers Adjusted earnings were 46 cents per share in the fiscal fourth quarter, topping the analyst average    estimate of 39 cents. Revenue rose 9.6 percent to $1.22 billion, ahead of the estimate of $1.19 billion. More from Bloomberg.com Read Symantec Shares Drop on Lower Forecast, Internal Investigation on bloomberg.com
Craft Beer Week kickoff heats up a chilly day
 Leah Sadler pours a New England IPA style ale at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. as Kenosha Craft Beer Week kicked off on Saturday. More photos from the event are on page C8. Patrons sample beers at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. for Saturday‚Äôs kickoff of Kenosha Craft Beer Week. Covering Neil Young's "Harvest Moon," Kai Andersen & The Pickups perform at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. for the kickoff of Craft Beer Week on Saturday, May 12, 2018. Jamming with craft beer Covering Neil Young‚Äôs ‚ÄúHarvest Moon,‚Äù Kai Andersen & The Pickups perform at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. for the kickoff of Kenosha Craft Beer Week on Saturday. Leah Sadler pours a New England IPA style ale at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. as Kenosha Craft Beer Week kicked off on Saturday. More photos from the event are on page C8. Patrons sample beers at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. for Saturday‚Äôs kickoff of Kenosha Craft Beer Week. Covering Neil Young's "Harvest Moon," Kai Andersen & The Pickups perform at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. for the kickoff of Craft Beer Week on Saturday, May 12, 2018. Jamming with craft beer Covering Neil Young‚Äôs ‚ÄúHarvest Moon,‚Äù Kai Andersen & The Pickups perform at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co. for the kickoff of Kenosha Craft Beer Week on Saturday. The clock struck 5 p.m. and the crowd refused to wait one minute longer. ‚ÄúTap the habanero!‚Äù shouted out a fun-loving group of craft-beer aficionados at the fifth annual Kenosha Craft Beer Week kickoff party on Saturday at R‚ÄôNoggin Brewing Co., 6521 120th Ave. It was time to unveil Scorched Barrels, a tequila-barrel-aged mango habanero blonde ale and perhaps a perfect choice on a rather damp, chilly night. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs going to warm people up,‚Äù R‚ÄôNoggin co-owner Kevin Bridleman said. ‚ÄúDespite the weather not cooperating, everything else is going great.‚Äù The event is organized by Public Craft Brewing Co., 716 58th St., Rustic Road Brewing Co., 5706 Sixth Ave. and R‚ÄôNoggin. The weeklong festivities include several collaboration release parties, beer and dinner pairings, trivia and drink specials. The week culminates with a Block Party Blowout on Saturday at Public. Saturday‚Äôs kickoff party began at noon and went comfortably late into the night thanks to heated tents. It featured the release of four beers: Square N‚ÄôDuh Nutz (salted caramel pecan porter) Space Monkey Sucker Punch (sour New England IPA) Dastardly Darling (apricot sour) Scorched Barrels. Patrons paid $5 to sip 12-ounce pours. ‚ÄúI definitely looked forward to this event because I missed it last year,‚Äù said Brian Cashmore, 45, of Kenosha. ‚ÄúThere‚Äôs such a good vibe here. Nobody cares about the rain. There‚Äôs good beer, good food and good people. It‚Äôs all good.‚Äù Kai Anderson & The Pick-Ups was the first of four bands scheduled to perform, followed by Un-hich‚ÄôD, Matt Meyer Trio and Kyle Young Music. Food was provided by Moose‚Äôs BBQ, Uncle Mike‚Äôs Highway Pub, Valeo‚Äôs Pizza, Olano‚Äôs Empanadas and Sandy‚Äôs Popper. Kenosha‚Äôs Josh Colon started off with a Space Monkey Sucker Punch and stuck with it throughout the afternoon. The 29-year-old said he used to drink primarily domestic lagers before touring a craft brewery in Colorado. ‚ÄúI always went with the basics ‚Äî Bud Light, Miller Lite ‚Äî and never tried to venture out much,‚Äù Colon said. ‚ÄúAfter I took the brewery tour, I tried some sour beers, which I never heard of before, and it kind of opened my mind a little. I saw (R‚ÄôNoggin) had a sour beer, and it was the first one I went to. It has a little bit of summer to it.‚Äù Cashmore said Scorched Barrels was his clear favorite. The beer is aged in a tequila barrel and offers a bit of mango on the front end with a tad of heat in the back. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs fantastic,‚Äù Cashmore said. ‚ÄúTheir regular version of the beer without the tequila is called Tan Cans. It‚Äôs one of my top-five favorites.‚Äù R‚ÄôNoggin‚Äôs most popular beer is Carpet Creature, a light vanilla cream ale. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs an introductory beer that goes up against the lagers,‚Äù R‚ÄôNoggin co-owner Jeff Bridleman said. ‚ÄúWe call it our lawn mower beer. You can drink plenty of it on a hot day.‚Äù For more information on Kenosha Craft Beer Week, visit www.kenoshacraftbeerweek.com. 
                                    
                                        Whenever Jeff Zampanti posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Two injured when Six Flags railroad engine catches fire
 Atlanta Weather Summary: 74 degrees 20 Weather Alerts Learn More AUSTELL, Ga -- Two people were injured early Saturday evening when a railroad engine at Six Flags Over Georgia caught fire. The fire happened around 7 pm. Two Six Flags employees were taken to a local hospital for evaluation. Park officials said no one was on the train when the fire happened. One park guest was in the area, but that person was evaluated for injuries and released.  The diesel-powered train has been closed while park officials investigate. Several areas of the park were temporarily closed.
Air Italy gets first Boeing 737 Max as it looks to unseat Alitalia
  Settings Cancel Set Hi  Already a subscriber? Subscribe to USA TODAY Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login? Manage your account settings. Support Log Out Get the news Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Air Italy, which aims to unseat Alitalia as Italy's top carrier, has taken delivery of its first Boeing 737 Max. Qatar Airways owns 49% of Air Italy. A link has been sent to your friend's email address. A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.  To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.  ¬† Air Italy took delivery of its first Boeing 737 Max on Friday at a ceremony in Everett, Wash., that featured the carrier‚Äôs brand-new livery. The 737 Max is the first of 20 Air Italy has on order, part of an broader plan to grow its fleet by 50 aircraft by 2022. Air Italy‚Äôs aggressive¬†growth plan comes after Qatar Airways bought a 49% stake in the carrier in 2017, then known as Meridiana. But buoyed by the new backing from Qatar, Merdiana rebranded itself as Air Italy and adopted a new color palette that draws heavily from Qatar Airways‚Äô signature maroon . Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker, already known as one of the industry‚Äôs most outspoken leaders, also has been vocal about plans for Air Italy since his carrier bought its stake. Air Italy is currently Italy‚Äôs No. 2 carrier, trailing perennially struggling Alitalia. But, Al Baker has made little secret that he hopes grow Air Italy into the nation‚Äôs top airline as Alitalia struggles through yet another bankruptcy reorganization. TODAY IN THE SKY:¬†Qatar Airways' luxurious new 'Qsuite' seats now flying from the USA (story continues below) A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.  ¬† Air Italy will make Milan Malpensa its main hub and plans to quadruple its fleet and passenger numbers by 2022. A new Milan-Bangkok route will launch in September, part of a broader effort to beef up both domestic and regional schedules. In the U.S. market, Meridiana had already revealed plans to launch non-stop service this year between Milan and both Miami and New York JFK. Air Italy also talked of a ‚Äúreinforced base‚Äù at Rome‚Äôs Fiumicino airport, where it also plans to add long-haul routes. The 737 Max delivered to Air Italy on Friday will be used for shorter routes within Italy and Europe. But it‚Äôs the first aircraft to wear the new Air Italy livery that was revealed¬†earlier this year. ‚ÄúSince we first announced the striking new design at a press conference in Milan in February this year, there has been much anticipation for this moment,‚Äù Air Italy chairman Francesco Violante said in a statement. ‚ÄúWe look forward to taking to the skies and bringing this aircraft to Italy for the first time.‚Äù Qatar Airways‚Äô Al Baker also reiterated his strong plans for Air Italy in its home market. ‚ÄúWe want to make Air Italy a success as a minority shareholder,‚Äù he told The Herald of Everett. ‚ÄúWe want to make sure it‚Äôs highly successful and profitable, not only for Qatar Airways but for the Italian people.‚Äù PHOTO ARCHIVES (2015):¬†Qatar Airways shows off its new Dreamliners A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.  TODAY IN THE SKY:¬†Qatar Airways takes delivery of Airbus' biggest A350 yet A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.  ¬† Air Italy officials and crew pose with the airline's first Boeing 737 MAX at a delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash., on May 11, 2018.¬†(Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY) ¬†
Junior Girl Scout beats personal cookie sales record
 Subscribe to discover fast, unlimited access. Already a subscriber? Log in or Activate your account. ¬© 2018 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service ¬†|¬† Privacy Policy Overcast with a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms, mainly in the morning. High 67F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Scattered thunderstorms in the evening, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low around 55F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%.  Updated: May 13, 2018 @ 12:16 am Chloe Lippstreu, junior student at Columbus High School, poses with Girl Scout cookies in her arms Friday evening. Lippstreu surpassed her record with 1,269 cookie sales this year.¬† Chloe Lippstreu, junior student at Columbus High School, poses with Girl Scout cookies in her arms Friday evening. Lippstreu surpassed her record with 1,269 cookie sales this year.¬† COLUMBUS ‚Äì Columbus High School Junior Chloe Lippstreu recently surpassed her personal record with 1,269 cookie sales this year and plans to end her streak with a bang before graduating. ‚ÄúI always have two goals. The first one is to get to a thousand and the second is to beat what I got last year,‚Äù Lippstreu said. The 17-year-old sets a goal for herself annually with the mindset of besting her previous years‚Äô record. She sold a total of 1,165 cookies in 2017, she said. Her mother, Sally, is a huge supporter of her efforts and is the backbone of her success. Sally was once a Girl Scout and is glad to see her daughter make bigger achievements. ‚ÄúShe has gone farther than I have,‚Äù Sally said. ‚ÄúI am really proud of Chloe for making it as far as she did and we are a team when it comes to cookies. I am her chauffeur.‚Äù Sally was formerly the assistant manager of Girl Scouts Spirit of Nebraska. Every year, Chloe and Sally survey the community for hotspots to sell cookies. Most of her cookie sales stem from her list of clientele and their referrals. Chloe began her Girl Scout journey in first grade. When her best friend joined, she grew curious and wanted to try something new. During Chloe‚Äôs freshman year, she branched out from her troop and joined the Girl Scout Advisory Group (GSAG). It‚Äôs a group comprised of independent Girls Scouts with an outstanding number of cookie sales. These Girl Scouts are also given the responsibility of organizing programming for camps. Chloe learned invaluable lessons throughout her journey. She said she learned how to manage money and market her products to people. ‚ÄúWe had to take no for an answer and take it as a good thing and to say thank you,‚Äù she said. Next year will be Chloe‚Äôs last year as a Girl Scout before graduating from high school. Despite being left with mixed feelings about leaving the organization, she's already set additional goals for her senior year. She plans to sell at least 2,000 cookies next year and achieve the Gold Award. She has to complete 85 to 90 hours of community service approved by the CEO of Girl Scouts Spirit of Nebraska. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs a top award and it helps get scholarships,‚Äù Chloe said. The proceeds from cookie sales go toward Girl Scout credits for trips and camps. Chloe will be heading to Colorado in the summer with other Girls Scouts for sightseeing and camping. On top of being a motivated Girl Scout, Chloe is a lover of animals -- particularly horses. She's participated in numerous horse camps in the past and will be attending one in North Platte in the summer. Chloe said she plans to pursue an education at the Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture in Curtis after graduation. ‚ÄúI am excited but sad at the same time because my customers would be sad too,‚Äù she said. ‚ÄúI think the thing i will miss most is going out to horse camp. It‚Äôs like a mini-vacation.‚Äù Natasya Ong is the reporter of The Columbus Telegram. Reach her via email at natasya.ong@lee.net.  Win $250 of Groceries in the Great Grocery Giveaway!  We‚Äôre writing to thank you again for your [NEWSPAPER NAME] subscription, and to share some tips and handy links that you can use to take advantage of the exciting new full-access subscription program. If you haven‚Äôt yet activated, just follow these easy steps to activate your subscription an‚Ä¶
How Amazon Is Holding Seattle Hostage
 SEATTLE ‚Äï The 9:30 a.m. meeting of the Seattle City Council‚Äôs Finance and Neighborhoods Committee ‚Äï the most boring name imaginable ‚Äï was overflowing. People in the crowd held up signs: ‚ÄúDon‚Äôt vote our jobs away‚Äù or ‚ÄúTax the rich.‚Äù The committee was taking public comment on the proposed Progressive Tax on Business, a fee on Seattle‚Äôs largest corporations to support homeless services. Last week, Amazon ‚Äî the employer of more than 45,000 Seattleites that is on the hook for an estimated $20 million under the tax ‚Äî announced it was pausing construction planning on a tower downtown and would consider renting some of its office space to other companies if the fee goes through. Now the mayor and City Council have to decide whether to take this threat seriously. About a third of the attendees at Wednesday‚Äôs hearing were wearing construction vests. One of them told committee members that if the tax passes, workers will have to go home, look their kids in the eye and tell them Daddy doesn‚Äôt have a job anymore. Another called a member of the City Council a communist (she‚Äôs actually a socialist) and said she ‚Äúseems to be getting paid by the residents of Seattle to throw temper tantrums.‚Äù  The applause in the room was deafening.  But the fight is about more than just one company or one policy. It is about the growing challenge of running American cities and all the ways companies make it even harder. Seattle faces an impossible choice: Either raise revenue from employers and risk driving them away, or keep levying taxes on voters and risk a backlash that could exacerbate the very problem it‚Äôs trying to solve. Whatever happens here, it will be a template for the rest of the country.  The details of Seattle‚Äôs proposed tax are crucial to understanding why Amazon hates it so much. Under the current proposal, the city will charge large companies 26 cents for every hour their employees work. That‚Äôs about $520 per worker every year. Though the tax will apply only to companies with more than $20 million in revenue per year, or about 3 percent of Seattle businesses, Amazon employs about 145,000 people. And that structure is only temporary. The tax is flat for the first three years: The same fee is levied on wages whether an employee earns $31,200 a year (the minimum wage here) or more than $100,000 (what many Amazon corporate employees make). But in 2021, the flat fee becomes a payroll tax. Large companies will have to pay 0.7 percent of their employees‚Äô wages ‚Äî that‚Äôs $220 per year for minimum wage workers and more than $700 for Amazon‚Äôs corporate employees. It‚Äôs the second part, bigger taxes for bigger incomes, that seems to worry the companies here. A few days after Amazon‚Äôs announcement, the CEO of Seattle-based Zillow made the same taking-our-ball-and-going-home threat, calling the tax ‚Äúmisguided and too blunt of an instrument.‚Äù  But you can‚Äôt talk about where the money comes from without talking about where it‚Äôs going. Homelessness is an emergency in Seattle. Literally. In 2015, the mayor issued an emergency proclamation over the sheer number of people sleeping outside and in their cars and overflowing from shelters. At last count, Seattle had 11,643 homeless people, and its home of King County had the third-highest homeless concentration in the nation. A study last year by Zillow estimated that every 5 percent rise in Seattle rents pushed 258 more people into homelessness. Rents here rose 13.5 percent last year alone.  The proposed tax would raise about $75 million per year to help address this crisis, bringing the city‚Äôs total homelessness budget up to $200 million. Three-quarters of the revenue would go toward building affordable housing and a smaller chunk would go toward direct, immediate services ‚Äî things like temporary shelters, ‚Äúhygiene centers‚Äù and shelter beds.  ‚ÄúThis isn‚Äôt about Amazon,‚Äù said Lisa Herbold, a Seattle City Council member and a co-sponsor of the tax. ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs about the humanitarian crisis in our city.‚Äù It‚Äôs clear that Seattle‚Äôs tax is going to piss off Amazon. The question is, how much? Everything the company has said so far has been pretty tepid. Amazon has not, in fact, stopped construction on any downtown towers. It has stopped planning future construction, a much different (and less costly) decision. Similarly, the company announced it was exploring the option of subleasing some floors in one of its already-under-construction office buildings. That doesn‚Äôt mean Amazon is crying wolf, but it does mean there‚Äôs still a lot of uncertainty about the company‚Äôs response. Even if members of the Seattle City Council approve the tax ‚Äî hell, even if they triple it ‚Äî¬†Washington is still a relatively cheap place to do business. It has no income tax (which is effectively a pay raise for Amazon employees who move here from elsewhere), no capital gains tax and no corporate income tax. The city even passed an almost identical tax on employees, albeit at a much lower rate, in 2006 before repealing it during the recession.  Then there‚Äôs the public relations aspect to consider. Though it will grow after 2021, Amazon‚Äôs tax bill under the law will be pocket change compared with its $1.6 billion in profits last quarter alone. Moving employees, halting construction and reversing course all have costs, too.  Plus, does a not-super-popular corporate behemoth really want to pull thousands of jobs out of a city over being asked to fund services for the homeless? While Amazon is less reputation-conscious and less likely to be harmed by a boycott than a lot of companies are, its executives must know that throwing a hissy fit over this law would create some backlash. Amazon could still pull jobs out of Seattle anyway. The only thing CEO Jeff Bezos loves more than expanding his company is hating taxes. When a handful of states tried passing laws requiring internet retailers to collect sales tax in 2012, his vice president for global public policy called the efforts ‚Äúunconstitutional.‚Äù  A few years ago, Amazon halted plans to build a warehouse in South Carolina when local lawmakers wouldn‚Äôt grant an exemption to the state sales tax. Bezos even reportedly considered incorporating his company on a Native American reservation to avoid taxes. Just because leaving Seattle over a small tax increase would be bananas doesn‚Äôt mean it won‚Äôt happen. In the past five years, Seattle has seen unprecedented growth, much of it driven by Amazon and other large companies. That has put unbearable strain on the housing market, schools and infrastructure. As the bill for services has grown, the way the city pays for them has become increasingly unjust. Washington has the most regressive tax structure in the country. The poorest 20 percent of residents pay an average of 16.8 percent of their income in state taxes. The richest 1 percent pay just 2.4 percent. This means low-income people are effectively paying for the city‚Äôs growth. And yet, nearly every route to fixing Seattle‚Äôs tax and revenue mess is blocked. The most obvious fix, an income tax, is illegal under the state constitution (or at least the way the state Supreme Court interpreted the constitution in 1951). Last year, the City Council passed a ‚Äùhigh earners tax,‚Äù but a lawsuit preventing its implementation was filed about 10 minutes later. Alongside the (high and regressive) sales tax, Seattle relies heavily on property taxes. But, thanks to a 2001 ballot initiative, those revenues aren‚Äôt allowed to grow by more than 1 percent per year. Everything the city needs (libraries, fire stations, schools) has to be individually approved by voters. Though Seattle‚Äôs property taxes are below average compared with other cities, the constant levies and add-ons contribute to a sense among Seattleites that the city is squeezing them for more money every year without keeping up its end of the bargain. Homelessness is the perfect encapsulation of this dynamic. As the city has grown, it‚Äôs nearly doubled its budget for homeless services. In 2016, voters approved a $290 million affordable housing levy. The city is getting more people into permanent housing than ever before.  But living here, it is immediately and viscerally clear that these efforts aren‚Äôt enough. Rising rents are pushing people onto the streets faster than the city can bring them back inside. Nearly half of the city‚Äôs homeless population is now unsheltered. Last year, a record 169 people died sleeping on the street, and the city is already on track to break the record again. ¬† Seattle‚Äôs current situation exposes a fundamental challenge for lawmakers across the country: Solving big problems requires bold, transformational policies. What city leaders can pass in the face of structural barriers and skeptical voters, however, are merely small, incremental improvements to the status quo. And that‚Äôs exactly what the Progressive Tax on Business is: a half-measure. No matter what Amazon decides to do, taxing employment, just like taxing cigarette purchases, will result in less of it. And the new tax probably won‚Äôt result in a significant reduction in the city‚Äôs homeless population. The city estimates the tax will produce 1,780 units of affordable housing, even though its own resolution says it needs more than 17,000.  None of that is an argument against the tax. As council member Herbold points out, this may be Seattle‚Äôs only available route toward making its tax code more progressive. Despite the fireworks at public hearings, the tax is relatively modest and is specifically tailored to affect only the companies that can afford it. Nor is it the only tax of its kind: Wilmington, Delaware; Denver; and plenty of other cities tax companies on the number of employees they have, a so-called head tax.  This week, as Seattle debated the $75 million head tax, the Chamber of Commerce released a report estimating that solving homelessness would cost $400 million. A proposal by the mayor to reduce the revenue to $40 million triggered an even more raucous committee hearing, with protesters chanting ‚Äú$75 million, no extortion!‚Äù to another packed audience. The original proposal passed and will be voted on Monday, but the mayor could still veto it.  But that is the debate here, what has become possible and necessary to the city to fight over: Whether to spend 10 percent of what it will cost to solve homelessness or 20 percent.  But the bigger question is how cities should respond to threats like Amazon‚Äôs.  The request for proposals for the company‚Äôs second headquarters stated explicitly that ‚Äúa stable and business-friendly environment and tax structure will be high-priority considerations.‚Äù Cities responded in kind: Chula Vista, California, offered free land. Fresno, California, offered control over how municipal revenues would be spent. Chicago even offered to waive income taxes for Amazon employees.  The calculation these cities are making is all about the multiplier: Every job created by Amazon creates another 1.5 in ‚Äúindirect employment‚Äù ‚Äî consultants, chefs, schoolteachers. Except those employers won‚Äôt get any of the tax breaks. Perversely, it‚Äôs only the largest companies, the ones with the most power and the littlest need for unfair advantages, who get cities falling all over themselves to give away revenues.  It‚Äôs not even clear what Seattle gave up to entice Amazon‚Äôs most recent expansion here. The company didn‚Äôt respond to inquiries about how many employees it has in Seattle or how much it pays in city and state taxes (though late last week, ‚Äúa person at the company familiar with the data‚Äù made a ‚Äúrare disclosure‚Äù to The Seattle Times that Amazon had paid $250 million in local taxes ‚Äî without specifying what types of taxes or where they went). No matter where they operate, companies have every incentive to play exactly the game Amazon is playing. To shareholders, every dollar a company pays in tax is waste. The minute Amazon announces its second headquarters location, it can start pitting its host cities against each other: Hey Seattle, we‚Äôre thinking of adding another 1,000 jobs. It‚Äôs you or Pittsburgh. What are you going to give us? This is, in fact, almost exactly what the CEO of Zillow warned this week. ‚ÄúWe are actively trying to decide where to put the next couple hundred heads, and this is the type of thing that causes us to consider looking at putting that expansion in other cities,‚Äù he said. The challenge of finding enough revenue to adequately run a city is only going to get worse. Excluding health care, federal grants to cities are at their lowest since 1980. Despite the growing economy, 30 states have revenue shortfalls. The Trump administration has declared its intention to cut transportation funding and housing assistance. Without outside support, cities will become increasingly reliant on revenues from their own voters and their largest employers.  Seattle is a case study for what those fights are going to look like. The more desperate cities become, the more leverage corporations will wield over them. And, simultaneously, the more frustrated their populations will get at the constant tax raises and fee hikes.  The most depressingly insightful comment from Wednesday‚Äôs City Council hearing came from Howard Bess, a counselor for the Downtown Emergency Service Center, a homeless shelter in Seattle. He apologized for being tired; he had been up all night helping Seattle‚Äôs homeless population find an ‚Äúisland of relief.‚Äù ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt see that anybody who is opposing this is going to die on the streets,‚Äù he said, ‚Äúor not be able to pay their mortgage or not be able to wear new shoes or clean clothes. But our clients could certainly use that help.‚Äù  The applause for him was even louder.¬†
Tesla's Engineering Chief Takes Leave of Absence at Pivotal Moment

AT&T Chief Says It Made a 'Big Mistake' Hiring Michael Cohen
 Advertisement Supported by By Cecilia Kang and Kenneth P. Vogel WASHINGTON ‚Äî Randall L. Stephenson, AT&T‚Äôs chief executive, said on Friday that the company had made a ‚Äúbig mistake‚Äù by hiring President Trump‚Äôs personal lawyer, Michael D. Cohen, to provide advice on federal policy, including how the government might approach the telecommunications giant‚Äôs deal to buy Time Warner. Mr. Stephenson also said that the company‚Äôs head of lobbying and external affairs, Bob Quinn, would be leaving the company. ‚ÄúOur company has been in the headlines for all the wrong reasons these last few days and our reputation has been damaged,‚Äù Mr. Stephenson wrote in a memo to employees. ‚ÄúThere is no other way to say it ‚Äî AT&T hiring Michael Cohen as a political consultant was a big mistake.‚Äù Mr. Stephenson‚Äôs note followed the revelation this week that the company had paid Mr. Cohen $600,000 to advise on the $85.4 billion merger with Time Warner and other regulatory matters. Federal prosecutors are investigating Mr. Cohen‚Äôs business dealings, including a $130,000 payment he made to the adult film actress Stephanie Clifford, known professionally as Stormy Daniels, to buy her silence about an affair she says she had with Mr. Trump. The president has denied Ms. Clifford‚Äôs claims. The payment to Ms. Clifford was the first known activity involving Essential Consultants, a company started by Mr. Cohen. It was through Essential Consultants that AT&T retained Mr. Cohen. Several other businesses, including the Swiss drugmaker Novartis and an American company linked to a Russian oligarch, also sent payments to Mr. Cohen‚Äôs company. The Russian, Viktor Vekselberg, was stopped and questioned at an airport this year by investigators for Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel examining Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Although AT&T‚Äôs statements were meant to distance itself from Mr. Cohen and the arrangement on Friday, they also provided insight into how companies like AT&T operate in Washington during the Trump era. Mr. Trump pledged during his campaign to shake up the Washington establishment ‚Äî to ‚Äúdrain the swamp‚Äù ‚Äî while railing against ‚Äúthe special interests, the lobbyists and the corrupt corporate media that have rigged the system against everyday Americans.‚Äù He also announced policies intended to clamp down on the revolving door between government and K Street, which is home to many of the capital‚Äôs lobbying firms. But the anti-lobbying rhetoric and policies did not discourage some former Trump aides from seeking big paydays from the influence industry, where few of the established players had close connections to Mr. Trump or his inner circle. Some Trump insiders, including Mr. Cohen and Corey Lewandowski, a former Trump campaign manager, positioned themselves as strategic advisers. Because they were offering insight ‚Äî or political intelligence ‚Äî on Mr. Trump and his team, and not overtly lobbying, they did not need to disclose their role with Congress and possibly the Justice Department. AT&T fanned out to try to keep pace in this changing climate. Although the company has long retained a platoon of lobbyists with deep connections on both sides of the aisle, none of the firms they worked with were as close to Mr. Trump as Mr. Cohen. The company said Mr. Cohen had approached it about being a consultant, and that he was among ‚Äúseveral consultants‚Äù the company hired as Mr. Trump was assuming the presidency. AT&T officials would not disclose the names of the other people and firms hired. But according to a person with ties to Mr. Trump‚Äôs campaign, AT&T approached other Trump associates about possibly retaining them as government affairs consultants or lobbyists. The person would speak only under the condition of anonymity because the talks were private. Among Trump associates pitching AT&T was Mr. Lewandowski. AT&T said it was approached early in January 2017 by Avenue Strategies, a lobbying firm that Mr. Lewandowski helped found. AT&T said it did not pursue a contract with the firm, which Mr. Lewandowski left in the middle of 2017. AT&T paid a total of $4.1 million in lobbying fees to nearly 30 firms through the first three months of this year, according to congressional lobbying filings. But none of those businesses, including top-tier law firms like Mayer Brown and Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, have lobbyists who were as close to Mr. Trump as Mr. Cohen. The filings show that the largest fees paid to those firms were around $35,000 a month ‚Äî significantly less than the $50,000 a month that the company paid Mr. Cohen. It is possible that the firms were paid other fees by AT&T that were not expressly for lobbying and therefore were not disclosed. Mr. Cohen had a similar arrangement with the giant drugmaker Novartis. The multinational company paid Essential Consultants $1.2 million for a yearlong contract to provide insights on the new administration‚Äôs approach to health care policy. Mr. Cohen, President Trump‚Äôs lawyer and longtime fixer, was paid by a company connected to a Russian oligarch as well as by several corporations with business pending before the Trump administration. Novartis said its former chief executive, Joe Jimenez, hired Essential Consultants. Like Mr. Stephenson, Novartis‚Äôs current chief executive, Vasant Narasimhan, has distanced himself from Mr. Cohen, saying this week that he had no role in the decision to hire Mr. Cohen. The company has also said that hiring Mr. Cohen was a mistake. Novartis said it discovered soon after signing the contract that Mr. Cohen could not provide the services he had promised and allowed the contract to expire. Columbus Nova, the investment firm in New York whose biggest client is a company controlled by Mr. Vekselberg, the Russian oligarch questioned by Mr. Mueller, paid about $500,000 to Essential Consultants last year. A lawyer for Columbus Nova has described the money as a consulting fee that had nothing to do with Mr. Vekselberg. Earlier this week, AT&T said that it had been contacted late last year about Mr. Cohen by Mr. Mueller‚Äôs team. AT&T said it had ‚Äúcooperated fully‚Äù with the inquiries. Novartis said this week that it had also spoken with special counsel‚Äôs team about the payments to Mr. Cohen. Novartis said that it had cooperated fully and considered its role in the matter closed. For AT&T, the disclosure of its ties to Mr. Cohen comes at a critical moment. The company is defending its merger with Time Warner in federal court against the Justice Department‚Äôs efforts to block the deal. It is unclear what services Mr. Cohen provided. Mr. Stephenson insisted in his memo that ‚Äúeverything we did was done according to the law and entirely legitimate‚Äù and that Mr. Cohen did not do any lobbying on behalf of AT&T. Nonetheless, Mr. Stephenson added, retaining Mr. Cohen ‚Äúwas a serious misjudgment.‚Äù Time Warner was not aware of AT&T‚Äôs contract with Mr. Cohen, according to a person familiar with the company‚Äôs thinking. Within Time Warner this week, officials were surprised to learn about the contract with Essential Consultants. Mr. Cohen did not respond to an interview request. Many large corporations consider such strategic advice to be part of their government affairs program, complementing their overt lobbying efforts. AT&T‚Äôs contract with Mr. Cohen, for instance, called for him to advise the company on ‚Äúcorporate tax reform and the acquisition,‚Äù according to documents first obtained by The Washington Post. But Mr. Stephenson said that with Mr. Cohen, ‚Äúour Washington, D.C., team‚Äôs vetting process clearly failed, and I take responsibility for that.‚Äù Mr. Stephenson said that Mr. Quinn, 57, who had led the Washington team, had decided to retire. But according to a person familiar with AT&T‚Äôs thinking, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the decision, he was pressured to leave because of the revelations of AT&T‚Äôs contract with Mr. Cohen. Mr. Quinn began working at AT&T in the 1980s and is well connected in the political circles of both parties. But he, and the rest of the company, was surprised by the election results and had few connections to Mr. Trump‚Äôs circles. AT&T‚Äôs vast lobbying team, which includes more than 100 people, and public policy staff members will now report to the company‚Äôs general counsel, David McAtee. Mr. Quinn declined to comment. Analysts said they did not expect the revelations about AT&T‚Äôs ties to Mr. Cohen to affect the government‚Äôs lawsuit to block the company‚Äôs merger with Time Warner. AT&T and Time Warner had suggested before the trial that the Justice Department‚Äôs decision to block a merger of two companies that do not compete was influenced by presidential politics. Mr. Trump has been vocal in his disdain for coverage of his administration by CNN, which is owned by Time Warner. But Judge Richard J. Leon of United States District Court in Washington has been strict about keeping politics out of the case, which focuses on antitrust law and whether the deal would violate competition policy and harm consumers. Judge Leon is expected to deliver an opinion on the case by June 12. ‚ÄùThese revelations come at a critical point in the trial, but they are very unlikely to have any meaningful impact on the judge‚Äôs ruling,‚Äù said Gene Kimmelman, a former senior official for the antitrust division of the Justice Department and the president of the nonprofit Public Knowledge. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, said on Friday that the government‚Äôs suit against AT&T proved that Mr. Trump could not be influenced by special interests. ‚ÄúThis is actually the definition of draining the swamp,‚Äù she said.    Advertisement    Collapse SEE MY OPTIONS
Are Corporate Buybacks Basically Just Insider Trading? (And Other Questions You're Afraid To Ask)
 Shutterstock What do you know about corporate buybacks, really? Depending on who you talk to, they‚Äôre either one of the best vehicles for offering a continuous profit to new and existing shareholders, or they‚Äôre the only option for companies that have no other way of increasing their earnings per share. Historically, investors have been suspicious of buybacks because of the way they allow corporations to create a semblance of higher earnings without actually increasing profits. With buybacks, a company‚Äôs reported earnings per share increases while profits do not. Investors who don‚Äôt look closely at the balance sheet may never know the difference. Notorious  Buybacks have such a bad reputation that Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway‚Äîone of more than 500 public companies considering jumping on the buyback bandwagon this year‚Äîaddressed the negative label head-on in a letter to shareholders, attempting to dispel the notion that corporate repurchases are ‚ÄúunAmerican, corporate misdeeds that divert funds needed for productive endeavors.‚Äù 
 Corporate misdeeds? You heard him right. Some people say that corporate buybacks are basically legalized insider trading in disguise. One key facet of the earnings-per-share increase of a buyback is that shareholders don‚Äôt experience a tax liability like they would with a dividend. That‚Äôs why stock repurchases are commonly seen as a way to reward key members of a company‚Äôs executive team without actually having to generate a profit. Think about it this way: A CEO who generates a substantial profit (and subsequent dividend) for his company might get a bonus for his efforts, which would be taxed at his regular income tax rate. But if, rather, that same CEO receives additional monies in the form of earnings-per-share increases on stock options, he or she would only be taxed at the capital gains rate. In other words, some people feel that buybacks incentivize corporate executives in the wrong direction‚Äîaway from mainstream investors and the long-term health of the U.S. economy. Why do companies do it?¬†  Buying back stock has always been cheaper than paying dividends‚Äîwhen a company pays a dividend, it must continue to work to support company profitability, but with a buyback, a company is basically saying, ‚ÄúWe have no other place we can put this money that it will generate profit in the economy, and we can‚Äôt deploy it back in the business in a way that will work, so here‚Äôs the cash.‚Äù In other words, when companies choose to pay a dividend, they‚Äôre choosing to set a higher bar. But it‚Äôs hard to argue with the rest of that Buffett quote I mentioned earlier‚Äîthat both ‚ÄúAmerican corporations and private investors are today awash in funds looking to be sensibly deployed.‚Äù And of course the money spent during a corporate repurchase is going right back into the financial markets, where it can be used for every other feel-good capitalism purpose always cited: higher capital for workers, additional investments, new job creation, and more. In other words, there are worse things companies could be doing with that money.
Schumer Claims Americans Need Government To Establish Price Controls Over Internet [VIDEO]
 

¬†
The Daily Caller

 The Daily Caller Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Wednesday that the government might need to decide the price that internet service providers charge for web access, reiterating a key principle of recently defeated net neutrality rules. Speaking on the floor of the chambers, Schumer was arguing for the need to pass a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution introduced by Democratic Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts that aims to reverse the Federal Communications Commission‚Äôs undoing of internet regulations. Schumer, Markey, several Democrats and one Republican in the Senate are pushing forward¬†with the CRA to reinstate a prior FCC administration‚Äôs 2015 Open Internet Order, which would establish multiple stipulations over how broadband companies can operate. Specifically, they want to stop companies from throttling or blocking web traffic, and creating different tiers of payment, among other purportedly unfair tactics. But if the net neutrality rules were to be resurrected, it‚Äôs not exactly clear how much the government would oversee the pricing. Schumer‚Äôs comments in the Senate, though, provide a clearer look into his perspective and what potential enforcement could look like. ‚ÄúWhen the Republican-led FCC voted to repeal net neutrality in December, they handed the large internet service providers all the cards,‚Äù said Schumer. ‚ÄúPublic schools, rural Americans, communities of color, or anyone in a remote area or without substantial resources could be at a significant disadvantage if the ISPs start charging more for decent internet.‚Äù WATCH: ‚ÄúYou know, people say, well, let a private company do whatever it wants, let them charge whatever it wants,‚Äù the Democratic lawmaker continued. ‚ÄúBut in certain goods which are essential, we don‚Äôt do that. Utilities, highways, the same thing now applies to the internet. It‚Äôs a necessity and we have to have protections for average folks, for small businesses, for working families.‚Äù Opponents of the net neutrality rules, however, argue that the concept of paid prioritization is inherent to how the internet truly works, and is being distorted by Democrats to fit the claim that ISPs only vary internet speeds for profit-seeking purposes. ‚ÄúThe whole notion about neutral networks and all data being the same is the total opposite of 5G [the next, fast-approaching generation of networks],‚Äù Roslyn Layton, a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute who also served on the 2016‚Äì2017 FCC‚Äôs Presidential Transition Team, told The Daily Caller News Foundation several months ago.¬†(RELATED: The Race To 5G Technology: How America Could Lose Out On The Next Biggest Thing) She elaborates: 5G is about all data being treated with the particular technological requirements. If you have a thousand devices in your house, they are not going to all need the same treatment, they‚Äôll need different treatment depending upon what the service is. Maybe [for] health sensors on your body you want to have a certain kind of treatment, and then appliances you don‚Äôt. The whole notion of the pricing and engineering for the Internet of Things, it‚Äôs not one-price-fits-all, or one-size-fits-all, it‚Äôs a highly diversified strategy. Brent Skorup, a research fellow in the Technology Policy Program at George Mason University‚Äôs Mercatus Center, said at the time that he and others aren‚Äôt even sure what the net neutrality rules mean, but explains that its ambiguity and dubiousness is exactly why they are likely counterproductive. But, with the latest commentary, Schumer seems to reinforce the probability that if Democrats get what they want out of the CRA ‚Äî which is still an uphill climb despite McCain‚Äôs absence¬†‚Äî they will want to considerably control internet access pricing. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email¬†protected].  
¬© Copyright 2010 - 2018 | The Daily Caller

Black group in CA had police called on them for barbecuing in wrong part of park
 (RNN) ‚Äì A white woman called police on a black family barbecuing in an Oakland park last weekend, because they were using a charcoal grill in the wrong part of the park. After two black men were arrested at a Philadelphia Starbucks despite not doing anything except sitting in the coffee shop, incidents in places ranging from Waffle House to Yale University have taken on a high profile. In this case, the police gave no citations and made no arrests, KRON reported. Kenzie Smith was cooking in the park around Lake Merritt in Oakland, as he has long done with his family, when he was approached by the woman who called the police. ‚ÄúShe said that we were trespassing, we were not welcome, and then she turned back around and said, ‚ÄòY‚Äôall going to jail,‚Äô‚Äù Smith told KRON. According to a park map, there are six designated locations for charcoal grilling. The group were grilling in a non-designated location. Smith however said he had ‚Äúseen people barbecue with charcoal for years‚Äù in the area. ‚ÄúI‚Äôve never known it to be a distraction or a problem,‚Äù he added. Smith‚Äôs wife, Michelle Snider, who is white, recorded the incident. ‚ÄúI think we need to question the policies that made this woman feel like she had the right to harass people,‚Äù Snider told KRON. An Oakland City Council member, Lynette Gibson McElhaney, told the station that she wanted to encourage people ‚Äúto know when to call the police‚Äù and that ‚Äúit is really incumbent on all of us that when we call police, it is for emergency purposes.‚Äù Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved. A summery high pressure system will elevate temperatures and humidity levels while keeping rain chances low throughout the weekend. A summery high pressure system will elevate temperatures and humidity levels while keeping rain chances low throughout the weekend. This weekend, a class at the Marriott Courtyard Hotel in Downtown Wilmington drew a focused group of people learning emergency survival skills.¬† This weekend, a class at the Marriott Courtyard Hotel in Downtown Wilmington drew a focused group of people learning emergency survival skills.¬† On Saturday, the 6th annual RoboCon drew students, families, and teachers to UNC Wilmington to learn about robotics and showcase their engineering creations.¬† On Saturday, the 6th annual RoboCon drew students, families, and teachers to UNC Wilmington to learn about robotics and showcase their engineering creations.¬† On Saturday, about 30 people participated in the¬†Bridge to Bridge Torch Run for the 50th anniversary of the Special Olympics of North Carolina.¬† On Saturday, about 30 people participated in the¬†Bridge to Bridge Torch Run for the 50th anniversary of the Special Olympics of North Carolina.¬† The search has ended for a 47-year-old man who didn't return to Wake County court Thursday afternoon during his trial for child sex crimes.¬†¬† The search has ended for a 47-year-old man who didn't return to Wake County court Thursday afternoon during his trial for child sex crimes.¬†¬†
Parts shortage that hit Ford spreads to more companies
 In this May 2, 2018, file photo, emergency personnel respond to a fire at Meridian Magnesium Products of America in Eaton Rapids, Mich. The fire that damaged the auto parts supply factory is causing production problems at Ford, Fiat Chrysler and General Motors, but it√¢‚Ç¨‚Ñ¢s too soon to tell yet whether dealers will run short of vehicles. So far Ford has been hit hardest by parts shortages.  In this May 2, 2018, file photo, emergency personnel respond to a fire at Meridian Magnesium Products of America in Eaton Rapids, Mich. The fire that damaged the auto parts supply factory is causing production problems at Ford, Fiat Chrysler and General Motors, but it√¢‚Ç¨‚Ñ¢s too soon to tell yet whether dealers will run short of vehicles. So far Ford has been hit hardest by parts shortages.  A fire that damaged a Michigan auto parts supply factory is causing production problems at Ford, Fiat Chrysler and General Motors, but it's too soon to tell yet whether dealers will run short of vehicles. So far Ford has been hit hardest by parts shortages. The company has had to temporarily lay off 7,600 workers as it cuts production of the F-Series pickup truck, the top-selling vehicle in America. But General Motors has been forced to stop producing full-size vans at a factory in Missouri, and production of Fiat Chrysler's Pacifica minivan has been curtailed in Windsor, Ontario. It's all because of a May 2 fire that severely damaged the main plant at the Meridian Magnesium Products of America factory in Eaton Rapids, Michigan, near Lansing that makes structural parts, about one-third of which goes to Ford. Multiple automakers have turned to Meridian to produce parts made of the lightweight metal as they try to shed pounds to meet government fuel efficiency standards. Ford, with a sagging U.S. market share and one of the oldest vehicle lineups in the industry, is promising to revamp three-quarters of its models in the next two years. Much of the emphasis will be on refreshing or revamping the entire lineup of SUVs while adding gas-electric hybrid powertrains,... On Wednesday, Ford announced that it was suspending F-150 and Super Duty pickup production in Kansas City, Missouri; Dearborn, Michigan; and Louisville, Kentucky. The temporary layoffs took place in Kansas City and Dearborn, while workers in Louisville, Kentucky, who made the Super Duty will switch to large Lincoln and Ford SUVs that also are made at the plant. Ford says it's working with suppliers to limit the impact on production. "We're confident that any impacts will be short-term," Joe Hinrichs, executive vice president and president of Global Operations, said in a statement. The company said it still has an ample selection of trucks at U.S. dealerships. At the current sales rate, Ford Motor Co. has enough trucks to last 84 days. The company said Wednesday that the parts shortage and production cuts will have a short-term impact on earnings, but Ford is sticking with full-year guidance of adjusted earnings per share of $1.45 to $1.70. While the auto industry has a history of working around parts shortages from natural disasters and fires, it may be more difficult this time because there are few companies that produce magnesium parts, said Kristen Dziczek, vice president of the Center for Automotive Research's Industry, Labor & Economics Group. "There's a lot of demand for these light-weighting materials," she said. "Everybody needs it. Everybody wants it, and the supply chain isn't mature yet for this kind of volume." Equipment that wasn't damaged will have to be relocated and automakers will have to find another place to get magnesium castings, Dziczek said. Meridian has other buildings in Eaton Rapids and another magnesium plant in Ontario, but it's unclear how much volume they can pick up, she said. A message was left Thursday for officials at Meridian. Fiat Chrysler confirmed that Pacifica production had been affected but said no workers had been laid off. Instead, they'll make more of an older minivan as the company works with Meridian to get more Pacifica parts. Spokeswoman Jodi Tinson said FCA isn't expecting any large production disruptions at any factories other than Windsor. But a union official at a huge Jeep Wrangler SUV plant in Toledo, Ohio, say it's possible some weekend overtime shifts could be cut due to parts shortages. Mark Epley, Jeep unit chairman for United Auto Workers Local 12, said Thursday they've got parts and still are running 10-hour shifts. "This weekend may be a different story," he said. At GM's Wentzville, Missouri, factory, the company has been forced to cut production of the GMC Savana and Chevrolet Express big vans. But workers there have shifted to building midsize pickup trucks that come down the same assembly line, said spokesman Nick Richards. It's not clear how long van production will be suspended, he said. Ford expects to continue Super Duty production at a factory in Avon Lake, Ohio, near Cleveland. The cause of the fire at the Meridian plant isn't known. Authorities said there were explosions and two workers were hurt. People reported feeling the blasts miles away. John Seewer contributed to this report from Toledo, Ohio.