
Surveillance Footage Shows An iPhone 6 Plus Explode In A Las Vegas Store In 20 Seconds
 iPhone batteries can be troublesome at times, especially in the case of an iPhone that exploded in a Las Vegas repair store in May 2018.  A male employee in a Las Vegas repair store was just a few feet away when an iPhone exploded on his desk. Surveillance footage of the explosion was leaked online on May 11. The store and the employee are both unidentified.  The device, which was reportedly an iPhone 6 Plus, was brought to the store to get repaired. The phone suffered massive heat damage from being out in the sun, which resulted in the battery expanding and the screen getting cracked. Based on the surveillance footage, the employee was checking another device on the right side of a desk when the iPhone 6 Plus exploded on the left side of the desk. Seconds before the explosion, smoke was visible around the phone. The employee rushed out of the way after the explosion and began to make an emergency phone call. In the less than 20 seconds, the phone burned itself out and the fire was gone. No one was injured from the explosion. As of May 12, Apple did not comment on this incident in Las Vegas. This is not the first time that an iPhone exploded. In January, an iPhone exploded in an Apple Store and everyone had to be evacuated. In 2016, there were reports that eight iPhone 6 devices exploded, which caused Apple to launch a free repair and replacement program for these phones. In recent years, newer models of the iPhone have also caught on fire or exploded. There are many reasons why an iPhone would explode, including hardware failure, accessories with poor quality, or overheated batteries. In fact, this is very common during the summer months when the temperature is hot. "Over time, the batteries heat up and bloat," Paul Tartaglio of Gadget Repair told KTNV. "The problem is when it bloats up just a little bit, it can cause your screen to crack a lot easier." The biggest thing that a user can do to prevent their iPhone from exploding is to keep it cool at all times, especially in the summer months. To cool down an iPhone, users should avoid direct sunlight, limit playing games on it, don't keep it stored in a car, and remove the case from time to time. If the phone is overheating, then users can turn it off and recharge when they are in a cool location. Users should also speak to a repair professional. See Now: Things You Should Never Search For On Google — You've Been Warned  Sign up for our email newsletter today.Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.  By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Public Health Security Video Games Space Public Health © 2018 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. 
OnePlus 6 Challenges iPhone X, Galaxy S9 and Pixel 2 In Blind Test
 As the excitement builds for next week’s launch of the OnePlus 6, the company has been teasing the capabilities of the new phone’s dual camera, challenging us to differentiate its output from the best available from Apple, Samsung and Google. In a new blind test posted on the OnePlus India website, the company pits the forthcoming OnePlus 6 against Apple’s iPhone X, the Samsung Galaxy S9 and the Google Pixel 2, three of the best-performing smartphone cameras currently available. Without naming the cameras which took each photo, the blind test invites readers to select their favourites from each of four categories: ‘Architecture’, ‘Low Light’, ‘Low Light Portrait’ and ‘Portrait’. The blind test also forms the basis for a competition where users can enter a lucky draw to win items from a selection of OnePlus goodies, including a OnePlus 6. 
 OnePlus challenges you to a blind test. Importantly, all sample images have been stripped of any identifying metadata and reduced to the same size and shape in pixels. This has the effect of making it harder to distinguish between them as only full-size samples can fully reveal any advantages to be gained from higher-resolution cameras and sharper lenses. However, significant differences remain between the output of the four cameras. Some of these are down to subjective choices such as whether to enhance colors for more impact or leave them more neutral, or whether to artificially boost sharpness and clarity. One camera, in particular, seems to render images with a noticeably warmer tone than the others. Whether this is a good or bad thing will be down to user preference. The biggest differences appear in the regular and low-light portrait tests, where issues of capturing a wide dynamic range are seen to come into play. This causes some shots to blow out highlights and lose shadow detail where others do not. There are also errors present in some shots where the camera has failed to accurately separate the subject from the background when creating an artificial bokeh effect in portrait mode. If you’re familiar with any of these smartphones, you may find that some of these results have a tell-tale look about them which provide clues as to the identities of the phones which shot them, but so far no-one seems to be sure which is which. Taking to Twitter on Friday @OnePlus posted images from the Architecture category, challenging readers to match the images to their respective phones. The #OnePlus6 Dual Camera takes on the iPhone X, Samsung Galaxy S9, and Google Pixel 2. Can you match the shot to the phone? https://t.co/5TPq08B71n pic.twitter.com/1zj3CeWAgV — OnePlus (@oneplus) May 11, 2018 “The #OnePlus6 Dual Camera takes on the iPhone X, Samsung Galaxy S9, and Google Pixel 2. Can you match the shot to the phone?” Many differing opinions were posted in the comments, which would indicate that the OnePlus 6 can at least hold its own against its biggest competition when taking general, not-so-demanding shots (the Huawei P20 Pro being notably absent from the comparison). And this, I believe, is the whole point of the exercise; to show that a cutting-edge camera need not require an eyewateringly expensive handset. Pricing is yet to be announced, but the OnePlus 6 is expected to undercut the competition by a significant margin.  All will be revealed on May 16th when the OnePlus 6 launches in London, UK. ___ More By Me On Forbes Huawei P20 Pro Camera: How It Beats The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus And iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Camera: How It Beats The iPhone X GoPro Hero Vs Hero6 Black: What's The Difference? GoPro Hero Vs GoPro Hero5 Session: What’s the Difference? Follow Paul on Twitter, Instagram and Google+ I’ve worked as a technology journalist since the early nineties. My passion is photography and the ever-changing hardware and software that creates it, be it traditional cameras and Photoshop or smartphones and tablets with their numerous apps.

I have also worked extensiv...
Samsung Promises Quarterly Android Updates For Galaxy A6 Line
 Samsung promised quarterly Android updates for the Galaxy A6 and Galaxy A6 Plus, its latest two mid-range smartphones announced earlier this month. The pledge has been made as part of an update to the Samsung Mobile Security service which now lists the new Galaxy A6 series as following the same firmware roadmap attached to the Galaxy A3 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and the Galaxy Tab Active2, among other products from the South Korean company. While Samsung listed over a dozen of its Android devices as currently being updated on a quarterly basis, the actual timing of all new software packages meant to hit those models will vary depending on the region and other factors. Over-the-air firmware rollouts can also sometimes take months to be deployed globally so while Samsung is now guaranteeing quarterly Galaxy A6 and Galaxy A6 Plus updates, it remains to be seen how long will the tech giant take to develop and distribute the next OTA package for its new Android mid-rangers. Samsung has recently been streamlining its smartphone update policy that even got it sued and is now clearly communicating what kind of software support users can expect after buying any product from its vast mobile portfolio. All high-end offerings such as the recently released Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus, and the Galaxy Note 8 come with a guarantee of monthly patches and fixes, whereas the majority of mid-rangers are placed on a quarterly update cycle. Entry-level handsets from Samsung still aren’t offered along with specific software upgrade promises but most of them receive several security fixes per year and make at least one jump between major OS builds. The situation may improve moving forward as all devices running Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box come with support for Google’s Project Treble, a new software framework that separates the base OS code from vendor-specific implementations, making the process of developing and testing updates significantly faster, at least in theory. Project Treble is the main reason why the second developer preview of Android P is now available for over half a dozen non-Google smartphones, including flagship offerings from Sony and OnePlus, thus being the first experimental OS build offered on third-party handsets alongside those from Google in the history of Android.  Get the best deals on the latest technology Write articles for AndroidHeadlines Let us know your insider tip Copyright © 2018 Android Headlines. All rights reserved.
Apple Slapped With Class Action Lawsuit Over Faulty MacBook Pro Keyboards
 Apple’s much-maligned butterfly keyboard design has bugged customers since its release, and now its landed the company in court. Per AppleInsider, the company was hit with a class action lawsuit filed in federal court Friday that alleges Apple knew of defects in the keyboard before the product launched. The case, lodged in the Northern District Court of California, targets a number of MacBook Pro models manufactured after 2015 that feature the butterfly keyboard, which Apple has advertised as being “refined for greater comfort and responsiveness.” The filing alleges that “thousands” of owners of the devices have experienced some kind of failure as a result of the design. Apple first introduced the butterfly keyboard in 2015 with the release of its remodeled 12-inch MacBook laptop and ported the design to the MacBook Pro  in 2016. While the keyboard itself doesn’t look all that much different, underneath the keys is the so-called butterfly mechanism that is supposed to make for a smoother and more responsive keystroke than the standard scissor design. It’s also much thinner, allowing the company to slim down the laptop frame or make room for other components. Apple claims the keyboard is “four times more stable” despite its space-saving build.  In practice, it has been anything but. Users have regularly complained about a variety of issues related to the new keyboard since its release. It’s not uncommon for the butterfly mechanism to get stuck, making a key unusable. Users have also reported hearing high-pitched sounds when pressing keys. The issues have been widespread enough that more than 18,000 people signed a Change.org petition demanding a recall of MacBooks with the butterfly keyboard. All of those longstanding issues appear to have cumulated into the class action lawsuit now facing Apple.  The case has two plaintiffs who claim to have purchased MacBooks plagued with problems relating to the butterfly design. One plaintiff, Zixuan Rao, purchased a 15-inch MacBook Pro earlier this year only to have one of the keys start to malfunction. He took the laptop to an Apple store in April, where representatives were unable to fix the problem. The store offered to ship the laptop to its Repair Center, Rao declined because the fix would take a week. Advertisement  A second plaintiff in the case, Kyle Barbaro, suffered through a similar situation with his 2016 MacBook Pro when his space bar and caps lock keys were rendered useless. Apple repaired the issued, but the space bar failed again. The device was out of warranty, so Apple quoted him a price of more than $700 to perform the repair. The lawsuit claims Apple is in breach of both express and implied warranty, as well as in violation of the Magnuson-Moss and Song-Beverly Consumer Warranty Acts, California Unfair Competition Law, and California’s Consumer Legal Remedies Act. It also accuses Apple of fraudulent concealment for allegedly covering up the fact it knew the keyboards suffered from such issues. The plaintiffs in the case are seeking damages and legal fees and are demanding Apple publicly acknowledge the design issues with its butterfly keyboard. They are also asking for Apple to pay to fix or replace faulty units, including offering reimbursement for replacement laptops. Advertisement  Owners of MacBook Pros with the butterfly keyboard manufactured after 2015 can join the class action. It probably won’t produce much of a return for consumers, as class action suits rarely do, but it’s worth a shot. [Apple Insider via 9to5Mac] Nights and weekends editor, Gizmodo
BioWare: Anthem Is Multiplayer, but You'll Still Have Control over the Story
 General Manager Casey Hudson is assuring fans that, while Anthem is primarily a multiplayer game, those who enjoy the nuances of single-player titles should not be disappointed: his team is tackling the challenge of delivering a personalized adventure despite the title’s dependence on an online community and ever-changing world. Skeptics say that EA and BioWare are just trying to remake Destiny. 
 
 
 
"In a BioWare game, you should feel like the story is about you," Hudson continues. "You create your own character, you decide what happens next, and you become the hero. I think the reason people are concerned about whether these things are possible in a multiplayer game is because it just hasn’t been solved well before. "In a BioWare game, you should feel like the story is about you," Hudson continues. "You create your own character, you decide what happens next, and you become the hero. I think the reason people are concerned about whether these things are possible in a multiplayer game is because it just hasn’t been solved well before. 
Discussion 

« Newer Older »

 © 1998 - 2018 by KB Networks, Inc. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved. Programming by Cliff Murphy, Kevin Sorensen, Brad Hoover - System Design and Administration by Cliff Murphy Site design and front-end production by mike kane.
Flickering Surface Pro 4 owners get replacement 2-in-1 offer
 The frustrating flickering problem affecting Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4 has finally been acknowledged by the company, with the promise of replacement tablets for those affected. The issue with the 2-in-1 began to be noticed more broadly earlier this year, with owners complaining that their Windows computer had begun showing erratic behavior – just outside of the Microsoft warranty. 
   The flickering affects text on the tablet’s display, with the graphics shaking and making the screen effectively unusable. Both brand new and refurbished models have been found to display the issue. In February, some owners began a petition demanding Microsoft address the problem, though the company was quiet on what, exactly, might be causing it.  That’s changed this week. In a new support document titled “Surface Pro 4 screen flicker,” Microsoft acknowledges that “a small percentage of Surface Pro 4 devices are exhibiting a screen flicker that cannot be addressed with a firmware or driver update.” Those experiencing the problem will be eligible for a replacement Surface Pro 4, for up to three years from the date of purchase. Microsoft says the replacement will be a refurbished unit. Both consumer and commercial customers are eligible to take advantage of the new replacement process.  To actually apply, first Microsoft suggests installing all relevant Surface and Windows updates. That’s probably something those experiencing the flickering have already tried, mind. After that, a Microsoft support agent will determine whether the 2-in-1 is indeed eligible for replacement.  Since Microsoft will be performing an outright swap, you’ll be getting back a completely blank Surface Pro 4. As with any time you return a Surface to Microsoft’s service center, the advice is to back up the machine before you do so – unless, of course, you’re confident that everything you need is stored in the cloud. Microsoft says that it will ship out the replacement tablet when it receives the faulty one, a process that typically takes 5-8 business days.  If you’ve already paid an out-of-warranty fee to repair the screen flickering, meanwhile, Microsoft says it will be offering a refund on that charge. You should contact customer support in order to process that. 

Story Timeline

Surface Pro 4 Review
12 tips to make the most out of Surface Pro 4
Surface Pro 4 vs Surface Pro: Is it worth the upgrade?


'Fortnite' Battle Pass Season 4, Week 3 Challenges Leaked Online
 Fortnite: Battle Royale Just like they do every week, the challenges for Fortnite: Battle Royale Season 4, Week 3 have leaked online, with a new set of tasks for anyone looking to level up that pass and make their way to the coveted Omega skin, as well as to the mysterious "Blockbuster" skin that we can get a look at once players have had a chance to complete seven full weeks of challenges. So let's take a look at the challenges for next week -- as usual, credit goes to the dataminers at Fortnite Tracker. The challenges will go live on Tuesday, May 15. Here's what we're working with: 
 There are all your standard challenges on there: watching a match replay has got to be the easiest challenge in the game yet, and no doubt a tactic from Epic to guide players to the still relatively new feature. Aside from that, pistols aren't exactly the most popular weapons in the game, so that one's going to be a bit of a grind. Lonely Lodge is a good location for chest hunting, however, and it was a good time when it was swarmed with players hunting for chests last season. Tilted Towers is a madhouse always, and this challenge means that it's going to be even wilder this week with even players like me dropping into the busiest location in the game. Week 3 challenges Sniper Rifle kills are a pain for me, but I've found them a little easier to grab on mobile where players are more likely to stay put while aiming. 50 vs. 50 is always a good opportunity to knock someone down and then finish them off with a rifle, as well. I'm particularly curious about these Rubber Duckies. At first glance, they look like one of the standard non-combat challenges that we see every week -- last week's asked us to dance in front of film cameras. But the verb "search" in there makes it seem more like an in-world pickup along the lines of a treasure chest, ammo box or loot llama, and so it seems likely that this is a new environmental item that we haven't seen yet. We'll see more on Tuesday when these challenges drop, or possibly on Monday if Epic wants to make an announcement regarding what these rubber duckies actually are. Stay tuned. Follow me on Twitter and Facebook 
Five Things 'Destiny 2' Needs To Fix In Its (Very Good) Warmind DLC
 Destiny 2 I like Warmind. There, I said it. After playing it more and seeing new content like the Raid Lair released, I’m going to declare this good Destiny DLC. Possibly very good. Possibly even great, but I still need more time with it to get there. It’s way more meaty than Dark Below or House of Wolves, more engaging than Rise of Iron (outside of that expansion’s raid, perhaps), and possibly the best DLC other than The Taken King, the gold standard. Sure, I have my problems with it, but most of them are old Destiny problems. Needs better storytelling. Still need to change dual primaries. Etc. But some fixes are more pressing and immediate, and even if I really like the DLC overall, I think Bungie need to take a look at a few of these items: 1. Midrange Power Grind Let me get a few qualifiers out of the way here. I think it’s good that endgame activites are now a lot harder than they used to be. I also have no problem with a slower grind to reach the power cap, and the hardest activities being the ones to get you there like the old days. With that said, there’s something off about the grind in Destiny 2 right now. When you finish the campaign, you’re about 340-345 power level, and every drop starts being hard capped at 340. You can increase your power level with milestones, but some of them have been nerfed (like clans) and so have exotic drops, so there are fewer milestones to even hit, and there is a yawning gap between 345 and the 385 cap. A long term goal, I suppose, but it really does feel like there’s no good midgame grind. 
 This has led to bizarre situations like Heroic Strikes recommending 350 power yet dropping 340 loot, and players feeling forced to go back and do things like raid in order to bring themselves up to be able to do Heroics without getting annihilated. And even level 1 of Escalation Protocol is 370, and many players feel like it’s a brick wall, even though it’s the most prominently featured part of the expansion. I know some have beaten the whole thing already, but that’s certainly not the average player experience. I do not think anything should be made easier at this point. But I do think that it’s not a great situation where after the campaign 98% of all drops become useless in terms of power level, and you have to crawl forward using only a few milestones or specific activities. I think a good compromise would be Heroic Strikes dropping gear to get you to 350 or 355, and then Escalation helping you get past that, and ultimate endgame stuff like raids or trials or beating all of Escalation could get you to the cap. But right now, the system is wonky. Destiny 2 2. Escalation Rallying/Matchmaking I like Escalation Protocol, but organizing it can be something of a nightmare. Yes, it is fully awesome when there are nine people all working together to break it down, but you can hardly ever plan on that happening. Because it’s in a patrol zone, you’ll often see people there that are doing quests or grinding for exotics and are using up a slot that could be someone wanting to do Escalation Protocol. While maybe full-on matchmaking for EP isn’t the right idea (though I wouldn’t mind it), at least some sort of system where people can rally to a beacon to start it would be nice. Like it shows you how many people have checked in before it’s about to start, and that might motivate others to join as well. Somewhat similar to public event rallying flags (it could give super and ammo like those) but it would give you more information about participants. Otherwise, just having it in patrol and praying that people will chip in to help your fireteam is not really a great system. 3. A Bunch of Strike Issues I already mentioned Heroic Strikes dropping low power loot, but besides that, I think there are a few strike-specific issues that need to be addressed: Destiny 2 4. Solo PvP Playlist With the arrival of ranked PvP and Crucible only weapons that can only be attained by top tier players, I think it’s more necessary than ever to have a solo queue for PvP so people aren’t just getting stomped by full clan teams all the time. This has been a problem with Destiny PvP for a while, but given these new changes, it’s only becoming more prominent and frustrating when you’re attempting to play PvP by yourself. Perhaps the player population won’t support this, but I think it’s worth a shot. 5. Losing Streaks I cannot imagine Bungie isn’t going to reverse this decision. Winning streaks are one thing, but to implement losing streaks, where you’ll lose more ranks the more losses you take in a row, is a recipe for frustration and players going on tilt. I understand that a competitive system must have people going up and down, but the concept of streaks is iffy enough as is, and losing streaks is a flat-out terrible idea that really needs to be scrapped as soon as possible. That’s all I’ve got for now. Any suggestions of your own? Follow me on Twitter and Facebook. Pre-order my new sci-fi novel Herokiller, and read my first series, The Earthborn Trilogy, which is also on audiobook.
Google I/O 2018 mega-roundup: Every announcement we covered
 Article Contents  After three days of non-stop announcements and developer talks, Google I/O 2018 has finally come to a close. Unless you were watching the event yourself, or if you were refreshing Android Police every minute, you probably missed a few things. Luckily for you, we've compiled a list of every announcement from Google I/O for your reading pleasure, complete with links to our full coverage of each topic. Enjoy!   Lenovo's Smart Display showing recipes  Continued conversation on Google Assistant  Gesture navigation on Android P DP2  Weather conditions on the Android P DP2 lock screen   AD-2, the new Android TV development device  Android Studio running on the Pixelbook  The JBL Link Bar  The Google News app So there you have it - everything that was covered at Google I/O 2018. Let us know what your favorite announcements were in the comments. The only announcement I was looking for was about the fate of Google Play Music. Has there been no word about Youtube Remix or whatever the successor is going to be? Nothing beyond rumors and speculation at this point. It's likely, but Google has neither confirmed nor denied it. Can you reach out to Google asking when will they launch YouTube Red and YouTube Music in more countries(both available in same 5 countries)? Google doesn't typically comment on that sort of thing. You seriously think they would tell him ? 100 things we announced at I/O ‘18
https://www.blog.google/topics/developers/all-io18-announcements/ Still no weather on lock screen here. Annoying, as that would actually be useful. I saw the "fix" with reinstalling the Google app, but apparently that's only temporary. Notch cutout? That was part of the first Android P Dev Preview, released in March: https://www.androidpolice.com/2018/03/07/google-announces-android-p-notch-support-multi-camera-api-indoor-positioning/ The post says "to scroll horizontally instead of horizontally" under paginate quick settings. Typo?   Will you tune in for Google I/O this year?  View Results  Discuss This Poll
Classic Castlevania-Style Prequel Game For Bloodstained Revealed, Releases Very Soon
 No spam, no fuss; just the latest updates delivered right to you. We'll begin emailing you updates about %gameName%. All the highlights in the world of games, lovingly delivered 2-3 times/week. You are now subscribed Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night is getting its own 8-bit style companion piece from Inti Creates. The retro platformer specialists promised a smaller prequel game as a stretch goal during the Kickstarter campaign, and now the studio has announced the first details. It will be called Bloodstained: Curse of the Moon, and it's coming on May 24. Curse of the Moon features four playable characters familiar to fans of its Castlevania inspirations: Zangetsu, who uses a sword; Miriam, with a whip; Alfred, the alchemist; and Gebel, a shapeshifter who can turn into a bat. You start as Zangetsu and gain more allies as you progress, and you can swap between them at will. The more allies you have, the more versatility in combat, and you can keep progressing through a stage even if you die as long as another character remains. Stages will also have areas that only particular characters can access. You need a javascript enabled browser to watch videos. 
        By clicking 'enter', you agree to GameSpot's
                        Terms of Use and
        Privacy Policy enter A code will be sent for free to Kickstarter backers who contributed above the requisite amount during the campaign, and it will be available for everyone else as a standalone purchase for Steam, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, 3DS, and Vita for $10. It's a pretty clear throwback to Castlevania 3: Dracula's Curse, a clever thematic way to make a prequel for Ritual of the Night, which is inspired by Symphony of the Night. That game, meanwhile, is still planned for release sometime this year. We're likely to hear more about exactly when at E3 2018.   Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com Use your keyboard! Log in to comment 
Destiny 2 Puzzle Leads Players To Actual Treasure In New York
 A brand new Destiny 2 puzzle, discovered this week by players and solved early this morning, led not to an exotic weapon or a secret quest, but a real-life treasure cache in upstate New York, containing gold coins and a spear based on Warmind’s Valkyrie. The puzzle, which started off as a symbol within the AI Rasputin’s bunker in the newest expansion and turned out to be an elaborate cipher, required a massive crowdsourcing effort to solve. Different members of the r/raidsecrets subreddit were able to piece together different parts of the puzzle, using the symbols to determine code words like “REVERSE” and “ENLIGHTENMENT,” and then Redditor Randomiser solved the cipher late last night, posting that it had all led to a secret message:  thank you for taking the time to piece together this message, friend. the time of our final conflict is drawing closer and you and ana have an important role to play in the events to come. so watch over her, guardian. i would have no life without ana or the exoprogram. i regret that we have become strangers, but we each have a path that we must walk. and, ironically, there never seems to be enough time. tell her, rasputin’s first attempt was in the right location, but the wrong moment. look here: 43.549573, -73.544868 - e Longtime Destiny fans may get a kick out of the fact that “e” is Elsie Bray, sister of Ana Bray, who it’s now clear is the Stranger from the first game. You know, the one who told us that she didn’t have time to explain why she didn’t have time to explain? (“Ironically, there never seems to be enough time.”) We haven’t seen her since those first days of Destiny 1, so this is a neat throwback. Lorebombs aside, those coordinates were the real discovery, leading to Sleeping Beauty Mountain in upstate New York. Vicarious Visions, the lead developer of Warmind, is also in upstate New York, so it was safe to assume that wasn’t a coincidence. “I’m in Saratoga county,” wrote Redditor I_love_science. “On my way.” When I_love_science got there, they found this cache: Advertisement  Inside was an incredible treasure—a spear based on the Valkyrie, a weapon you can find and temporarily use during certain missions and activities in Warmind. There was also a box of gold coins (along with instructions asking the finder to only take one), a set of notes, and a journal for recording visitors. The note, from Warmind design lead Rob Gallerani, encouraged the finder(s) to share photos of this discovery and told them that there are only three spears like that in existence—one at Vicarious Visions, one at Bungie, and this. Advertisement  While it’s a shame that this spear can’t go to all of the intrepid secret hunters who collaborated to find this, it’s wonderful to see a Destiny that’s full of mystery once more. News editor. My book BLOOD, SWEAT, AND PIXELS, telling the stories behind video games like Uncharted 4, Destiny, and Star Wars 1313, is out NOW. Get it here.
How Google's 'Material Theming' will change your Android experience
 This week, Google announced a new set of tools called Material Theming that helps developers implement the Material theme across apps, including mobile and web. App-makers can choose from a variety of components and design transitions and Google even uses AI to make everything look coherent. Like the WYSIWYG HTML editors of yore, Material Theming makes it easier for developers to design apps their way while sticking to Google's design paradigm. Previously, if you visited, say, Google Docs on the web and then hopped into a third-party Android app, you'd often experience a bit of a deja vu with regards to the interface (because the design language would be so similar). But Material Theming isn't an entirely new theme; it's just an improved way for developers to stick to consistent design parameters while allowing their own aesthetics to shine through. At Google I/O 2018, the search giant explained why it created Material Theming. The guidelines that the company originally wrote for Material Design encouraged developers to make apps that looked too much alike. Indie apps, for example, became difficult to distinguish from Google apps laid out in the same design scheme, even if they employed different color palettes. Developers were having difficulty branching out from the guidelines and developing a "brand" of sorts, in turn contributing to a cycle of Android apps looking too much alike. Material Theming is the cure to the monotony. Once it's plugged into Sketch -- a prototyping app -- developers have access to a variety of customization tools. Elements like button-type and sizing are determined by the developer. They have even more options for button shape, too, rather than the floating circle that usually suggests an action in an Android app. (That circle is called a FAB, or Floating Action Button -- these buttons are called Extended FABs.)  There's a layout grid that developers can take advantage of, to help maintain the look and feel of the app interface on every platform. So when you go to view that app on your iPad, or on the web, it looks and acts the same as on Android. You don't have to change your usage patterns just because you're on a different device. The Material Theming plug-in also offers machine-learning smarts that make it easier for developers to build better-looking apps. Whenever the developer makes a change to the layout, the algorithm determines whether the overall design looks coherent. Android apps will now have no excuse for bad design, even if the person who coded it has no artistic proclivities. For developers, this algorithm is like having a sibling or a best friend with an eye for style always on hand. Except, in this case, it's Google guiding developers toward how things should look. Text is also a major part of Material Theming. By default, the tool comes loaded with Google's Roboto font. But if a developer doesn't want to stick with that, they can then upload their own font and scale at will. This lets them have more control over the app's look and feel, beyond just the color schemes and button-types. Fonts can really set the mood for an app. After all, it doesn't look like a very engaging app for kids if all the fonts look like the boring folder labels on a desktop computer. There are more customizable interface elements coming down the line, as confirmed by Fast Co Design. Google plans to update the Material Theming tool on a monthly basis and may introduce the ability to edit things like drop shadows, strokes, and animations. There's even talk of bringing realistic textures to the interface, which could shake up Android's flat design. Nothing is for certain yet, but when it happens, it'll be available to developers first in Material Theming. The Material Theming announcements aren't just limited to it being an accessible tool for developers. It introduces better design schemes, so apps are prettier and easier to navigate. Material Theming isn't a far departure from Material Design; it's just a spruced-up version, with better buttons, cleaner layouts, and improved organization. I spoke with Pocketcasts' Chief Product Officer, Russell Ivanovic, about Material Theming and what it means for the app's future. (Full disclosure: We also record a podcast together.) Pocketcasts is featured on the Material Design blog as a case study, complete with mock-ups of what the popular podcasting app could look like under the new Material Theming guidelines. "The prototype feels and works better than the current version. It looks like a major overhaul when viewed with no context and no motion," he wrote. "In practice, though, it feels like a refinement, not a revolution."  The prototype shows a softer-looking Pocketcasts app, with a white interface instead of its current red one. In fact, the only color is found on interactive components -- buttons and progress indicators -- which attract eyes directly to where the action is happening. The navigation elements are also placed front and center towards the bottom of the interface, rather than hidden in the hamburger menu. Their sample uses new transitions, too, though they're not visible in the image on the blog. Essentially, when the app goes to the player screen, parts of the app, like the bottom navigation bar, transition in continuity with the playback controls. Google describes it as clean transition out of sight. "Material Design brought an amazing design system that Android was sorely lacking," added Ivanovic, before noting that following the guidelines often made apps hard to differentiate. When I asked if it was because they were too confining, he replied, "It's maybe that Google didn't make it clear that these were guidelines to build on top of and branch out from — they've made that clear with Material Theming."  Material Theming is more than just a tool to guide developers. At its crux, it's a constantly-evolving design paradigm, though we don't really know what's next from Google. There are a few hints as to the different interface elements that might change down the line. And whenever they come through, developers will be able to implement them without disturbing your app experience. You might even start to see more apps across platforms designed in the "Google way." If you're curious about experiencing the new Material design and what an app might look like after going through Material Theming, there are already a few apps sporting the new paradigm. On the web, you can see it with your inbox at Gmail, and on Android and iOS, Google Tasks is a great way to become acquainted with the experience. You can win $50,000 and two tickets to the show's finale. At one point, the camera was exposed for months. It comes as the EV maker is dealing with crash investigations. They asked Amazon if it collects kids' data and if third parties can access the info. Owners claim the butterfly switches are inherently prone to failure.
BlackBerry KEY2 Unveiling Date Announced: KEYone Successor To Be Revealed On June 7
 BlackBerry is getting ready to take the wraps off the successor to the BlackBerry KEYone. Come June 7, the smartphone maker is going to unveil the BlackBerry KEY2 (or KEYtwo maybe?) at an event in New York City. The BlackBerry KEYone is the Android phone that's complete with the company's iconic physical keyboard, more or less making it true to phones that made BlackBerry what it is in earlier years. At this point, not much is known about the BlackBerry KEY2. It isn't even clear whether or not it's going to sport a physical keyboard just like its predecessor. However, the consensus is it'll presumably have one. Just going by the name of the device, that makes a lot of sense too. BlackBerry took things to Twitter to make the big announcement, spreading the word with the tagline "an icon reborn."  It doesn't reveal much aside from the time, unveiling date, and place of the event. The tweet was posted with just emojis too — a key, the number 2, and a pair of eyes. The Chinese regulatory website TENAA may have already revealed what BlackBerry has up its sleeves. According to the listing, the BlackBerry KEY2 will keep the physical keyboard and boast a dual-camera setup on the back. As for what's under the hood, it could have a 4.5-inch display with a 1,080 x 1,620 resolution and run on Android 8.1 Oreo right off the bat. A 3,360 mAh battery is going to keep the lights on. It could also offer 6 GB worth of RAM and 64 GB of native storage that's expandable by up to 128 GB with a microSD card. There's no word on the processor just yet. Back in February, BlackBerry said that it's "here to stay," aiming to get between 3 percent and 5 percent market share of the premium smartphone scene over the coming years. Sales of the BlackBerry KEYone haven't been much to rave about, with numbers stopping short of 1 million. Still, the company called it a success, but not in terms of sales but in the device's availability to consumers. Now with the upcoming BlackBerry KEY2, it looks like the company is off to achieve its goals, banking on the demographic of physical keyboard fans. If things don't work out, it'll always have its security services to lean back on. See Now: Things You Should Never Search For On Google — You've Been Warned  Sign up for our email newsletter today.Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox.  By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Public Health Security Video Games Space Public Health © 2018 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. 
2018 Porsche 911 GT3 review

Dealmaster: TCL's new Roku TVs are here, so the old one is down to $500 today
 Front page layout Site theme Sign up or login to join the discussions! 
Jeff Dunn
    -  May 12, 2018 4:01 am UTC
 TCL has announced a one-day sale that marks its P605 Roku TV down to $500 at Best Buy. The Chinese tech firm says the deal will apply to stock at Best Buy’s retail stores and website, but the discount will only be available on May 12. 
 The P605 is the Best Buy-specific variant of TCL’s P607 Roku TV, a 55-inch 4K set that launched last year and was generally lauded among critics for being a strong value. This model typically goes for $600, so the deal is good for a $100 price cut. TCL launched its latest crop of Roku TVs, the 6-Series, earlier this month. That includes a 55-inch set for $650 and a 65-inch model for $1,000. TV manufacturers and retailers commonly discount older sets to clear out inventory as new models arrive—this appears to be another example of that, but it looks like a good deal for the budget-conscious either way. Note: Ars Technica may earn compensation for sales from links on this post through affiliate programs. Further ReadingDealmaster: Figuring out the right time to buy a new TV in 2018The P605 has the same design and picture quality as the P607, but it comes with an infrared remote instead of a Wi-Fi-based one. That means its remote needs a direct line of sight to the TV to work. The P605’s remote also lacks the headphone jack that is built into the P607’s counterpart and allows users to privately listen to whatever’s playing onscreen. It’s still possible to listen to the TV through headphones using a feature in the Roku mobile app, however. Otherwise, the P605 still packs an appealing set of features for a $650 4K TV, let alone a $500 one. It supports the two major HDR formats, HDR10 and Dolby Vision, and has the kind of strong contrast and high-enough brightness to make effective use of them. It also supports full-array local dimming, which helps it produce better contrast than most LCD TVs in this price range. Generally speaking, the more local dimming “zones” a TV has, the more precise control it has over its backlighting, allowing it to more accurately keep the bright parts of an image bright and the dark parts of an image dark. The P605 has 72 local dimming zones; by contrast, a newer $500 TV like Vizio’s latest 55-inch E-Series set  has 10. Further ReadingThe follow-up to TCL’s acclaimed 4K HDR Roku TV is coming May 1To be clear, zone count isn’t everything—a poor local dimming algorithm can hinder well-equipped hardware—but there’ve been several reviews over the past year that said the Roku TV punched above its price class when it came to contrast ratio and colors. TCL includes a “Game Mode” that helps the TV keep input lag low as well, if that’s a factor. The other big feature is the P605’s Roku OS interface, which is near-identical to the software baked into Roku’s streaming media boxes. It is aging from an aesthetic standpoint, but this interface still tends to make it simpler to find and launch apps than most smart TV offerings created by rival manufacturers. The P605 is not without flaws. Its viewing angles are mediocre, so anyone watching the TV from a side angle will not see as nice of a picture, and it struggles at points with color uniformity, making some parts of a dark image look lighter than others (“clouding,” in TV geek parlance). The build quality of the TV itself is made from a cheapish plastic. And while the Roku TV’s HDR performance, brightness, and contrast are very good for the money, “for the money” is the key phrase—paying more for something like a Sony X900E or one of LG’s 2017 OLED sets will still yield a better image on the whole. Further ReadingEyes-on: Vizio takes on LG’s OLEDs with a super-bright quantum dot TVThe P605’s biggest competition, however, includes the successors TCL just launched. Early reviews suggest the new 6-Series TVs are indeed an improvement over the P6-Series: they include a larger model, for one, but also a sturdier metal design, voice controls in the Roku OS, and more local dimming zones. (The 55-inch set has 96, the 65-inch model has 120.) We haven’t tested the new TVs for ourselves, but the initial feedback suggests it does a bit better with brightness and color reproduction, which isn’t unexpected. All of that suggests the new Roku TVs may be worth it if you're trying to stay under $1,000 and your priorities lean a little more toward image quality. But if you’d prefer not to spend the extra $150, the older P605 still looks to be a good value, particularly since the non-Best Buy model has been in and out of stock at most major retailers as of late. You must login or create an account to comment. Join the Ars Orbital Transmission mailing list to get weekly updates delivered to your inbox.
Sony Embroiled in Overwatch Pink Mercy Skin Profit Controversy
 May 11, 2018Written by Keri Honea   Blizzard Entertainment recently created a Pink Mercy skin for Overwatch, promising that sales proceeds would go to breast cancer research. It’s certainly a worthy cause, and it’s a cute skin for Mercy to boot. It seems like nothing could go wrong with this noble gesture. However, fans noticed a discrepancy between Microsoft and Sony’s store page for the skin. The PlayStation store page says, “Blizzard Entertainment will donate 100% of the proceeds that it receives from Sony PlayStation.” The Xbox One store says, “Blizzard Entertainment will donate 100% of the purchase price for your purchase of the Pink Mercy skin on Xbox.” One says proceeds will go to charity, whereas the other says the entire purchase. Fans called this out on Twitter, especially since the UK store specifically listed how much of the sale would go to charity. Pretty disgraceful from Sony. Taking a 22% cut from each purchase of Overwatch’s Mercy Breast Cancer Research charity skin. 100% goes to charity on Xbox and PC. Games media needs to report this. pic.twitter.com/ZCIiHgKcpy — Nick Akerman (@Nakerman) May 9, 2018  Sony has responded by simply saying in a written statement, “We are not making any profit from sales of the Overwatch Pink Mercy skin.” It still doesn’t explain the discrepancy, however, especially when they list the definitive amount going to charity from the purchase in the UK. Blizzard has been strangely (or maybe not so strangely?) silent about this matter. [Source: VG247]  
Microsoft lets you gift digital PC games now, but the Xbox experience still sucks on computers
 Use commas to separate multiple email addresses Your message has been sent. There was an error emailing this page. 

By Brad Chacos
 
Senior Editor,
PCWorld |
May 11, 2018 9:03 AM
PT

 Over five years after the Microsoft Store launched in Windows 8, it's finally adding a feature that Steam has offered since the Windows 7 era: the ability to gift digital games. Microsoft enabled digital game gifting for select Xbox One titles last fall. Today, the company announced that PC games and DLC in the Microsoft Store can now be gifted, as well as every Xbox One game. “Many PC games are available for gifting today, May 10, and all games should be available for gifting by Friday, May 11,” Microsoft’s John Smith said in an Xbox Wire post. To gift a game through the Windows 10 version of the Microsoft Store, simply browse to it and select the new Buy as gift option next to the purchase/play button. You’ll need to enter the email address of the recipient, who will receive a message explaining how to redeem the code. Xbox One users can send games using their friend’s gamertag alone. Those recipients will receive a system message with a button that redeems the gift. There might be a few kinks to work out of this system. I’d hoped to test the feature on my PC to see if computer users who have connected the Windows 10 Xbox app to an Xbox Live account can also gift games using gamertags. Unfortunately, clicking the Buy as gift option doesn’t do anything on my system. It's utterly unresponsive. Since upgrading to the Windows 10 April 2018 Update I haven’t been able to redeem game codes using the Microsoft Store app, either, because, you know, this is the Microsoft Store. Fortunately, if you run into bugs like I did, you can also gift games via the Microsoft Store website, which behaves as expected. Online, you’ll need to send a game via email address. Not every digital item can be gifted. Preorders, free games, and consumable purchases can’t be shared, and you can only redeem a game code in the region it was purchased. If you want to gift games that are on sale, Microsoft limits you to two titles (and a maximum of 10 gifts of those two titles) across a two-week period. Xbox 360 and original Xbox games can’t be gifted at all. Why this matters: It’s heartening to see Microsoft add the ability to gift PC games, but it’s befuddling that it’s taken so long to get here. Steam started letting users trade games and in-game items all the way back in 2011, and Origin added the ability in 2016. (Sadly, Uplay still lacks it.) Microsoft’s laggard pace isn’t surprising, though. Five-plus long years after the Store debuted in Windows 8, the interface remains a bare-bones mess compared to more popular PC platforms. Many high-profile PC launches have suffered from download issues. You still can’t back up and move your games to other computers, which sucks when I’ve had Microsoft Store game downloads crap out and completely restart on me over 50GB into an installation. Trying to hook up with pals to play Sea of Thieves over the past weeks revealed that the Xbox app on PC is a buggy, laggy mess—a frustrating experience when you’re trying to get a group together, and a damned shame when the Friend interface on Xbox One works just fine. [ Further reading: How Microsoft’s former PC gaming glory could help fix today’s Windows gaming woes ] Microsoft wants Xbox Live and the Windows 10 Store to become go-to destinations for PC gamers, and the cross-platform capabilities of stellar Xbox Play Anywhere titles like Sea of Thieves, Forza, and Gears of War is a juicy carrot indeed. But when I want to play an Xbox exclusive game on the PC, I don’t just use the Microsoft Store and Xbox apps—I suffer through the experience. Adding game gifting is a step in the right direction, but Microsoft has a lot of work left to do before its PC gaming experience is actually good. Senior editor Brad Chacos covers gaming and graphics for PCWorld, and runs the morning news desk for PCWorld, Macworld, Greenbot, and TechHive. He tweets too. PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. Visit other IDG sites: Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc.
Bethesda Continues Teasing A Pre-E3 Announcement After Rage 2
 You need a javascript enabled browser to watch videos. 
        By clicking 'enter', you agree to GameSpot's
                        Terms of Use and
        Privacy Policy enter Now Playing: Bethesda Continues Teasing A Pre-E3 Announcement After Rage 2 - GS News Update No spam, no fuss; just the latest updates delivered right to you. We'll begin emailing you updates about %gameName%. All the highlights in the world of games, lovingly delivered 2-3 times/week. You are now subscribed Update 3: The latest teaser image is here, and this one's a bit more on-the-nose than the others. It doesn't have the same pink paint as the earlier ones, but it does show what looks to be a character from Rage standing in line to enter a building with Anarchy Tours on the door. The original Rage came in a special Anarchy Edition, so there is some tie to suggest this is Rage-related. We'll likely get a better idea on May 14. pic.twitter.com/62ikAiJ4bk Update 2: Another teaser has arrived. It shows a busy street in what could be London, following the earlier Big Ben teaser image. Again, we see the same pink color all over the image, though there is seemingly nothing directly tying this to Rage 2. pic.twitter.com/ZD91qHbNHd Update: Bethesda has shared another teaser image on Twitter, further reinforcing the theories that May 14 will bring some kind of announcement. This one features a rocket firing into space with the numbers "5-14" adorned on the side. It's clear that something is coming on Monday. Rage 2 still seems to be a likely candidate, assuming the Walmart listing for it was not an error. The smoke left behind the rocket is the same pink color that was used in Bethesda's tweets about the Rage 2 listing. Whether that means anything at this point is unclear, but the choice of color between each of these posts is telling. Whether the actual images--the rocket and Big Ben--have any meaning remains to be seen. The original story follows the tweet. pic.twitter.com/PC6fBW5BNO Bethesda appears to be teasing an upcoming announcement with a vague image of the Big Ben clocktower in London, England. A tweet consists only of an image of the tower, with bright pink streaks of graffiti across its face. The Internet is already scouring the image for clues. Recently Walmart Canada appeared to have leaked several upcoming game announcements, including Rage 2 from Bethesda. The company had an uncharacteristic reaction for a publisher, publicly responding to the leak with gentle chiding. The official Twitter account for Rage made a point of mocking the placeholder image for using the wrong font and incorrect key art. All this is notable because the hot pink paint used for the anarchy logo and notes appear to be similar to the one on the Big Ben clock face. The paint even looks like it could be a partial anarchy symbol. pic.twitter.com/OZg34srDmc Also potentially a clue is the time, which is set at 5:14. That could correspond to a date, which would be this Monday. Altogether it seems possible that a Rage 2 announcement of some sort could be coming next week. Whether this would have been the original plan or if the company is just responding quickly to the cat being let out of the bag isn't clear. Or, all this could be entirely off the mark and Bethesda is teasing something else entirely. With E3 2018 rapidly approaching, we'll know soon enough. Bethesda's E3 showcase is planned for Sunday, June 10 at 6:30 p.m. PT / 9:30 p.m. ET. Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com Use your keyboard! Log in to comment 
Microsoft's obsession with Windows is ending, and I couldn't be happier
 CNET también está disponible en español. Don't show this again Commentary: It’s all about AI and the web now. A little over two and a half hours into Microsoft's Build conference this week in Seattle, I tuned out the live coding session, taking place on stage in a downtown convention center crammed with 6,000 software developers, and started playing a game in my head.  It was sort of like Where's Waldo. Except I was thinking "Where's Windows?" According to my AI-created transcript of Microsoft's three-and-a-half hour opening keynote on Monday (which I sat through -- all of it), the word "Windows" was mentioned just a little more than a dozen times. And even then, it wasn't to extol the virtues of the monopoly-making software that powers nearly nine out of 10 PCs around the world. Instead, it was typically in relation to calling people "Windows developers," or describing how Microsoft's coding tools work across "Windows" PCs, Apple Macs and Linux-powered computers. It was even worse for "PC." That term came up a whopping seven times, and usually only in passing. "It works on my Windows PC," "You're working on a PC" and so on. The PC, and the Windows software that powers it, came across as mere window dressing (sorry). For anyone who's followed the tech industry over the past couple of decades, Windows sitting on the sidelines at the developer conference of the company that made billions off of it speaks to the fact that we -- you, me, the tech industry at large -- just don't care about computers like we used to. Or tablets. Or most smartphones, even. What we do care about is AI and the web. Or we will very soon. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella knows this. Microsoft declined to make him available for an interview, but I'm guessing that's why he and his team pitched themselves as the company whose stuff you use no matter what device you have. They see Microsoft as one of the key AI and web companies of the future. A company that will touch your life, whether you know it or not. Satya Nadella sees a world beyond devices. "The world is becoming a computer," Nadella said during his opening speech. "Computing is getting embedded in every person, place and thing. Every walk of life -- in our homes, in our cars, in our work, in our stadiums, in our entertainment centers; in every industry from precision agriculture to precision medicine; from autonomous cars to autonomous drones; from personalized retail to personalized banking -- are all being transformed." And in this new age, the tech in your pocket and on your desk just doesn't matter as much anymore. Everything else is the new hotness.  And it's pushed Microsoft to make more of its technology available to everyone. "We're finally being freed from dependence on specific devices," said Bob O'Donnell, founder and chief analyst of Technalysis Research, who's been tracking tech trends and the PC industry for two decades. "Hardware's important, but it's become a tool through which we experience these services." So you're welcome everyone. A decade after Apple blanketed the the airwaves with those Mac vs. PC ads   lampooning Windows as a well-meaning but inept and insecure technology, and after Microsoft responded with a series of ads about how awesome PCs actually are, the war over devices has come to a stalemate. Now Microsoft's beginning to spread innovations across the tech industry, like its Timeline feature that helps you keep track of apps you used, documents you wrote and websites you visited, no matter what device you were using. We're all benefiting, regardless of whether we have an Apple iPad, Google Android-powered phone or an Alienware PC.  This is good for the industry. In the end, we're all going to win. It used to be that to Microsoft, the world revolved around Windows. The difference in tone from the tech industry over the past year has been startling. And I don't just mean how political everything's gotten in the Trump era. Just consider what the tech industry was excited about a decade ago. Life was dominated by accessories, programs, games and chips. New versions of Windows were celebrated at big, dramatic rollouts. Microsoft and its partners would spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ad campaigns and funding dramatic stunts like acrobats making a human billboard outside a building in New York. That made some sense, since Windows runs the vast majority of the world's PCs -- we're talking hundreds of millions of devices. Each new feature was a chance to convince you to upgrade. The approach continued until even just a year ago, when Microsoft was showing off an app to remix your photos and videos using a -- say it with me! -- PC powered by Windows. Times change, though, and now it's all about the promise of AI, apps and services that work across devices. By the way, Nadella isn't the only one who gets how important AI is. In the past two weeks, Facebook and Google also positioned themselves as masters of AI and as innovators bringing new ideas to the web.  Google demoed an AI-powered virtual assistant that sounds uncannily human as it calls a restaurant and reserves you a table. Facebook showed how it's using AI to weed out bad behavior on Instagram, while also scanning all your photos to reproduce a virtual version of your childhood home.  And Microsoft, which repositioned its own assistant, Cortana, presented a world in which AI helps make devices easier to use for people with disabilities. The new features Google, Facebook and Microsoft showcased worked so well on any device that no one made more than a passing reference to what computer or phone was on stage. It's important to remember what type of company Microsoft is. Windows, and the Office productivity software that runs on it, has been the backbone of Microsoft's empire for decades. Windows' dominance of the PC industry is what led a judge to declare Microsoft a monopoly. Until a few years ago, nearly everything the company did was somehow tied to Windows.  Now, as the PC's popularity wanes and phones have taken over, Microsoft's pushed hard into AI and the web, making itself the company whose stuff you use no matter what device you have.  Of course, Windows is still a big business, but, again, this is a serious shift in approach. "Everything they presented on stage was you not leaving their world, but being able to do it on any device you want to," said Maribel Lopez, founder of Lopez Research, who consults with some of the world's largest tech companies.  In other words, what device you have has little bearing on the things it can do. Now it's about aesthetics and specialized apps you might use. But for the most part, the tech world will act the same no matter what hardware you have. Finally. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility.  Blockchain Decoded:  CNET looks at the tech powering bitcoin -- and soon, too, a myriad of services that will change your life. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.
Google sells the future, powered by your personal data
  Google CEO Sundar Pichai stood on stage at the company’s yearly developer conference on Tuesday and rolled out some of its most advanced technology: an assistant that can schedule appointments for you over the phone, customized suggestions in Google Maps, and even a new feature that can help finish your sentences as you type an email. It’s all underpinned by the same thing: the massive trove of data that Google is collecting on billions of people every day. Until recently, most users may have either been unaware their data was being used like this or were fine with the tradeoff. Google has seven products that each have at least 1 billion active monthly users, and they couldn’t work as well without access to users’ data. That has helped make Google one of the world’s most well-regarded brands, according to a Morning Consult poll. But in a post-Cambridge Analytica world that is growing increasingly leery of how major tech companies track people, the data collection practices by the world’s leading digital advertising company have come under renewed scrutiny. "Google is walking a very fine line,” David Yoffie, a professor at the Harvard Business School, said in an email. “Search, plus Android gives Google amazing insight into individual behavior. Google’s stated privacy policies seem adequate, but the question that I cannot answer is whether Google’s stated policy and actual behavior are one and the same. Facebook had a stated policy for the last three years which most of us found acceptable, until Cambridge Analytica came to light.” The more Google products you use, the more Google can gather about you. Whether it’s Gmail, the Android smartphone operating system, YouTube, Google Drive, Google Maps, and, of course, Google Search — the company is collecting gigabytes of data about you. “We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users,” Google says in its privacy policy. “We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.” Google offers free access to these tools and in return shows you super-targeted advertising, which is how it made $31.2 billion in revenue in just the first three months of 2018. The company’s data collection practices also include scanning your email to extract keyword data for use in other Google products and services and to improve its machine learning capabilities, Google spokesman Aaron Stein confirmed in an email to NBC News. “We may analyze [email] content to customize search results, better detect spam and malware,” he added, later noting Google has customized search in this way since 2012. How Google collects data from Gmail users and what it uses that data for has been a particularly sensitive topic. In June 2017, Google said it would stop scanning Gmail messages in order to sell targeted ads. After this article was published, Google’s confirmation that it does still collect data from the email of Gmail users drew attention from some journalists that cover technology and digital privacy. Google reached out to NBC to clarify that the company’s spokesperson was referring to “narrow use cases” in Gmail. "First, since 2012, we’ve enabled people to use Google Search to find information from their Gmail accounts by answering questions like 'When is my restaurant reservation?'" Stein, the Google spokesperson, wrote in an email. "We present customized search results containing this information if someone is signed-in and asks us for it. Second, like other email providers, our systems may also automatically process email messages to detect spam, malware and phishing patterns, to help us stop this abuse and protect people’s inboxes. We have the most secure email service because of these systems - and they are powered by machine learning technology.” It doesn’t stop there, though. Google says it is also leverages some of its datasets to “help build the next generation of ground-breaking artificial intelligence solutions.” On Tuesday, Google rolled out “Smart Replies,” in which artificial intelligence helps users finish sentences. The extent of the information Google has can be eyebrow-raising even for technology professionals. Dylan Curran, an information technology consultant, recently downloaded everything Facebook had on him and got a 600-megabyte file. When he downloaded the same kind of file from Google, it was 5.5 gigabytes, about nine times as large. His tweets highlighting each kind of information Google had on him, and therefore other users, got nearly 170,000 retweets. “This is one of the craziest things about the modern age, we would never let the government or a corporation put cameras/microphones in our homes or location trackers on us, but we just went ahead and did it ourselves because … I want to watch cute dog videos,” Curran wrote. Want to freak yourself out? I'm gonna show just how much of your information the likes of Facebook and Google store about you without you even realising it The company has installed various guardrails against this data being misused. It says it doesn’t sell your personal information, makes user data anonymous after 18 months, and offers tools for users to delete their recorded data piece by piece or in its (almost) entirety, and to limit how they’re being tracked and targeted for advertising. And it doesn't allow marketers to target users based on sensitive categories like beliefs, sexual interests or personal hardships. However, that doesn't prevent the company from selling advertising slots that can be narrowed to a user’s ZIP code. Combined with enough other categories of interest and behavior, Google advertisers can create a fairly tight Venn diagram of potential viewers of a marketing message, with a minimum of 100 people. "They collect everything they can, as a culture," Scott Cleland, chairman of NetCompetition, an advocacy group that counts Comcast and other cable companies among its members, told NBC News. "They know they'll find some use for it." Users can see and limit the data Google collects on them by changing their advertising preferences through an online dashboard. The internet giant offers fine-tune controls to opt out of tracking via Google’s advertising cookie, as well as limiting whether you’ll see targeted ads based on your interest groups and categories. You can also see and delete many of the personal tracking data about yourself, including your entire search history and any geolocation data that may have been tracking your every physical movement if you were signed into Google services on your phone. “We give users controls to delete individual items, services or their entire account,” said Google’s Stein. “When a user decides to delete data, we go through a process over time to safely and completely remove it from our systems, including backups. We keep some data with a user’s Google Account, like when and how they use certain features, until the account is deleted.” New European data privacy rules known as GDPR are set to go into effect on May 25. Those new regulations are supposed to limit what data can be collected on users and give them the ability to completely delete their data from systems, as well as bring their data from one service to another. Companies like Google will be forced to more clearly spell out to customers what kind of data is being collected and no longer be able to bury them in fine print, with fines for violations up to 4 percent of revenue. All that data is already valuable to Google, but it could yield an even greater return once paired with advanced artificial intelligence systems that offer highly personalized services, like a souped-up version of Google Assistant. “On your way to a friend’s house and say ‘find wine’ and you’ll get recommendations for a store that is still open and also not out of the route,” said Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence, a research group founded by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen. Google rolled out personalized maps on Tuesday. But Etzioni recommended caution before we unleash swarms of digital agents. Already we’ve seen some unpleasant effects. Palantir, a security and data-mining firm, sells software that hoovers up data and allows law enforcement to engage in “predictive policing,” guesstimating who might commit crimes. Uber’s self-driving car experiment resulted in a pedestrian being killed after the software was tuned too far in the direction of ignoring stray objects, like plastic bags. “We need to think hard about how AI gathers and extrapolates data,” Etzioni said. “It has deep implications.” © 2018 NBC UNIVERSAL
Wild 'Destiny 2' puzzle sends players off on an IRL geocaching expedition
 It started with nothing more than a mysterious symbol and a fan community that's receptive to puzzling through epic riddles. Destiny 2 players have discovered a secret geocache location in upstate New York. They were led there by an in-game puzzle, discovered by chance and solved thanks to a large crowdsourcing effort. SEE ALSO: 'Destiny 2' gets Warmind and a major update this week. Here's the deal. The fun started shortly after Destiny 2's latest expansion pack, Warmind, launched on May 8. Players discovered a mysterious symbol featuring what appeared to be a lock surrounded by three keys. See it right here. The symbol, found in the bunker of the expansion's titular warmaking AI, Rasputin, quickly sparked a far-ranging conversation on several of Destiny's popular subreddits. Players theorized that each of the nodes surrounding the lock amounted to a different clue, and that assembling all of the clues would lead to answers. That is indeed the case. One node ties to a symbol that appears in various locations. Another features a reference, in Braille, to Sun Tzu's The Art of War. Another seems to relate to Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake. Here's an excellent post on Destiny's raidsecrets subreddit that details each of the six nodes in the symbol, pointing back to the many individuals who helped crack the code. The whole thing turned out to be a cipher, as this other post explains. Players who cracked the code were greeted with an all-text message, in English:  thank you for taking the time to piece together this message, friend. the time of our final conflict is drawing closer and you and ana have an important role to play in the events to come. so watch over her, guardian. i would have no life without ana or the exoprogram. i regret that we have become strangers, but we each have a path that we must walk. and, ironically, there never seems to be enough time. tell her, rasputin's first attempt was in the right location, but the wrong moment. look here: 43.549573, -73.544868 Here's a helpful visual of the symbol with each node fully solved. It's still hard to follow if you're not a cryptography nerd, but it should be readily apparent that this is a cool and unusual way to stage an in-game puzzle. Pay particular attention to those numbers at the end of the above message. They're coordinates. Real life coordinates, here on Earth. They point to Sleeping Beauty Mountain in upstate New York, not far from where Vicarious Visions — the studio that led development on Warmind — is based. One player ventured to the location indicated by the coordinates and made a surprising discovery: A replica of Warmind's "Valkyrie" spear weapon, a box of collectible coins, and letters of congratulations from Vicarious Visions. You can see the haul in the imgur gallery below. Destiny has often presented players with riddles to solve that focus more on real-life ingenuity, book smarts, and observational skills than they do on shooting virtual aliens inside a video game.  The original Destiny's exotic-tier Sleeper Simulant weapon could only be found by cracking a series of passwords that related to the number and types of enemies that spawned during a particular mission. The Outbreak Prime exotic quest featured a similar exercise. Destiny 2's Rasputin puzzle amounts to a new chapter for the game's non-digital life. Community has always been central to the Destiny experience; from the challenges mentioned above to the game's puzzle box raids, the most popular activities tend to be the ones that get groups of people nerding out together. Now we have a quest that centers less on providing in-game benefits and more on community. This puzzle ties to a real-world outdoor activity known as "geocaching," which involves tracking down hidden containers in the world using coordinates and GPS devices. Destiny 2 is still in a rough place after Warmind's release, but moments like this are always a reminder of why the game is still so fundamentally cool and easy to love. Few games out there foster this kind of enthusiasm and group problem-solving like this one does. 
This Fortnite 'Big City' Map Design Makes Us Want It
 Register - Forgot Password By creating an account, you verify that you are at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the Comicbook.com Terms of Service and Privacy Policy 
		By Liana "LiLi" Ruppert
 - May 12, 2018
 There's no denying that season 4 of Fortnite brought with it tons of new aspects to the game for players to enjoy, including the massively popular Infinity Gauntlet Limited Time Mode featuring Marvel baddie Thanos. After that damn comet dropped, new areas of the map also popped up and with them came secrets to uncover. But the fans of Fortnite are creative and never stop submitted their concepts to the team at Epic Games. The latest isn't the usual outfit tribute, but a new Limited Time Map design instead and we're feeling the "Big City" vibe. The design above from one Reddit user even includes all of the areas, making it easier to visualise this as an actual Limited Time Mode. For those that don't play, the Limited Time Modes are exactly as the name suggests: available for a limited time. This means more creative potential because there is no long-term risk involved in case a new concept is a miss for fans. This also means a solid rotation of new content, keeping the gameplay experience fresh! Fellow Redditors were definitely feeling the concept as well, with one even stating that this would be the perfect set up for future returns of the 50v50 mode that players love so much! Speaking of which, the 50v50 mode is live now once more "and better than ever!” “Two teams of 50 battle it out with two buses, increased loot spawns, and massive forts.” Here's what we know about the live mode from its previous round back in April: Limited Time Mode: 50V50 v2 Fortnite Season 4 is officially live for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC, and iOS players. The free-to-play game will officially be making its way over onto Android devices, though a release date has yet to be revealed. With Epic Games' massive presence at the upcoming E3 this year, it's possible they will be dropping some major bombshells for the game, including that highly anticipated Android release. Don't forget to also check out some of the sweet buffs Epic Games gave to Thanos following recent backlash to their immediate nerf. You can see how the Mad Titan is different right here.  of   Copyright 2017 ComicBook.com. All rights reserved.
Google may soon require Android manufacturers to push regular security updates

Subaru's first PHEV is the 2019 Crosstrek Hybrid
 You're probably more likely to associate Subaru with high-powered rally cars than any kind of eco-friendly transportation, but the automaker is determined to change that perception: it just unveiled plans for its first-ever plug-in hybrid.  The 2019 Crosstrek Hybrid (not yet pictured) will combine Subaru's familiar four-cylinder boxer engine and all-wheel drive with a hybrid system from long-time collaborator Toyota to bring efficiency to its familiar crossover SUV.  While details of its performance are mostly under wraps, Subaru is promising a pure electric mode for those times when you're more likely to be commuting around town than off-roading (which, let's face it, is most of the time). The PHEV edition will also tout "unique styling" to remind everyone that you're not using a run-of-the-mill Crosstrek.  It should arrive at dealers by the end of 2018. As far as car brands go, Subaru has been conservative about electrifying its lineup.  It did introduce a conventional hybrid version of the Crosstrek for the 2014 model year, but it's not expected to launch its first all-electric cars until 2021.  The 2019 Crosstrek Hybrid is a first step in that direction, and an acknowledgment that Subaru can't afford to stay still lest rivals like Kia lure customers away with PHEVs of their own. It combines a boxer engine with Toyota hybrid tech. You can win $50,000 and two tickets to the show's finale. At one point, the camera was exposed for months. It comes as the EV maker is dealing with crash investigations. They asked Amazon if it collects kids' data and if third parties can access the info.
“Ford is now a truck maker first, car maker second”
 Sign up for our daily newsletter Site top menu Secondary menu Sections  Donald J Trump isn’t the only old, American dude provocatively rocking the global boat. There’s another: Jimmy P Hackett. He spent years in detergent (Proctor & Gamble) before doing decades in office furniture (Steelcase Inc) where one of his best-known and most controversial claims to fame was his closure of US factories – before opening replacement plants in Mexico! Around 12,000 Steelcase jobs in America were cut as the Hackett Man morphed into Jimmy The Hatchet. Nothing personal, just business. After almost half a century working in washing powder and filing cabinets, Jimmy’s now 60-something and approaching the end of a long and lucrative career. • Best selling cars in the UK 2018 But before doing so, he’s having a last-minute dabble in another sector. Despite being a comparative novice in the car game, he has in his old age decided to enter and learn from scratch. In effect he’s started and is still serving his automotive ‘apprenticeship’ at Ford. The newcomer’s job title? No big deal – he’s only the President and CEO of the Ford Motor Company! Annual compensation for the novice? Around $16million (£11.8m or so). The Hackett saga took yet another bonkers turn at the end of last month, when he was still less than a year into his role as Ford President/CEO. He decreed that in North America at least, Ford’s future will be in trucks and commercial vehicles, and that cars are to be sidelined. He threatened to “reshape” the company by “feeding the healthy part of our business and dealing decisively with the parts that destroy value”. Wow. In Jimmy’s head, trucks equate to healthiness and cars are the destroyers of Ford balance sheets. This is Ford’s worst move in decades. If the company concentrated harder on ensuring its saloons and hatchbacks are as good and satisfying to own as most Jaguars, Audis, SEATs, Skodas, Kias, Peugeots and Toyotas (currently, with the exception of the Fiesta, it doesn’t), its cars can and will sell. Except they won’t because Jimmy’s killing ’em off. A respected Detroit-based auto industry publication succinctly summarised the sorry scenario by stating: “Ford says cars lose money, so they’re gone.” I invited my trusted senior Ford contacts in Britain and overseas to correct that haunting “Ford cars are gone” message now being barked loudly from America. They chose not to. Neither did they deny my claim that Ford is now a truck maker first, car maker second. More encouraging news from them is that Jimmy’s car-culling antics are specific to North America only, they say. The official word is that “here in the UK (and mainland Europe) we will continue with our broad range of car offerings”. For the time being at least. Enjoyed this opnion piece? Then take a read of Mike's previous column talking about how the motoring industry needs a calm, convincing leadership. View the discussion thread. Enter your car registration number to receive your free valuation © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. 1138891. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. VAT number 494616317. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest, a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.
Subaru Crosstrek Hybrid coming this year with Toyota tech
 Subaru is finally making good on its promise to begin electrifying its lineup. The Japanese company has announced it will resurrect the Crosstrek Hybrid before the end of the year with a little bit of help from shareholder Toyota.  The second-generation Crosstrek Hybrid will be the brand's first plug-in hybrid model. While technical details are vague at best, we know the model will keep the standard Crosstrek's flat-four engine but receive its own version of the Toyota Hybrid System (THS) found in the Prius. This option should give the Crosstrek the extra power it sorely needs, but it's not a performance hybrid. It's all about saving gas.  Subaru notes the Crosstrek Hybrid will be capable of electric-only driving for "local commuting," a term that suggests it will have no more than 20 miles of range on battery power alone. It will function as a normal gasoline-electric hybrid the rest of the time.  All-wheel drive will remain the only configuration offered. The Crosstrek Hybrid will presumably come only with a continuously variable transmission (CVT); don't expect to find a stick-shift on the list of options.  The 2019  Subaru Crosstrek Hybrid will arrive in showrooms nationwide before the end of the year. Expect a full set of details and photos before then.
There's A Massive Rasputin Puzzle In Destiny 2's Warmind Expansion No One Can Solve Yet [Update]
 Destiny 2 Everyone knew that secrets were probably going to return to Destiny in this Warmind-focused DLC expansion, and while there are plenty littered around the game that are easy enough to find (singing Warmind chests, armory keys, tracked exotic quests), there’s one that’s on an entirely different plane of existence. This appears to be on the level of something like Outbreak Prime, the ridiculously complicated quest that eventually led to the unlocking of an exotic, but the process to get it was an new level of investigation and puzzle solving that went far beyond even what we saw with other secret exotics like Black Spindle and Sleeper Simulant. This all started with a symbol that appears in Rasputin’s chamber. It appears to be a series of key nodes connected to one another in order, leading to a final symbol that combines a lock with Rasputin’s signature iconography. A grand prize. But what is it? And how do you get it? 
 The mystery of Rasputin’s prize has injected fresh life into the /r/raidsecrets subreddit, famous for trying to find the sixth chest in the Vault of Glass (there wasn’t one), but they’ve solved pretty much every other solvable mystery in the game. And I’m sure they’ll solve this one. Eventually I’m not going to copy and paste the entire thread they’re working on, but here are some highlights about the nodes they’re puzzling out: Destiny 2 First Symbol: Ghost – Variations of this symbol appear frequently, as the current theory is that decoding the symbols may result in the word “REVERSE.” Second Symbol: Three-Bar Rectangle – Crates with braille lettering on them decode to OEAARRTFWTH, which is an anagram for The Art of War. Taken a step further, more investigation leads to the possible sentence “Destroy all second A and B. Then destroy all third C and R.” (I am barely following how all this is being discovered at this point). Third Symbol: Diamond – No one has a clue about this one yet. There are theories it has something to do with the Frequency Nodes, but nothing concrete has been solved yet. Fourth Symbol: Speaker – This is found in the server where Ana Bray keeps her diary entries, and a Morse Code sequence in the image of a tablet translates to an anagram of “ENLIGHTENMENT.” There are possibly more diary entries to come that will shed further light on this. Fifth Symbol: Black/White Bars – This has been discovered to be a transcription of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake No. 01, though no one knows precisely what to make of that finding. Sixth Symbol: Lock - There’s a terminal with this symbol (seen) that may be what unlocks the final prize of this endeavor, but clearly there’s still a long way to go. I barely understand what’s going on with all this, but I have to say it is awesome that there is another super deep mystery for dedicated fans to try to band together to solve. I haven’t seen raidsecrets do anything relevant in, I don’t even know how long, but now this has lit a fire under them, which is really heartening to see. Solving these clues is the first step, and then we have to figure out how they translate into in-game actions in order to get…whatever this is. Presumably a weapon, as that’s usually the reward, but I wonder if it’s going to reach Outbreak Prime levels of convolution, or if it might be slightly toned down from that. But regardless, I cannot wait to see what else is discovered/solved, and it’s so great to have a true mystery like this back in the game, in addition to the more obvious ones that more players can find. Update: The puzzle has been solved, and it led to a real-life Valkyrie spear that was hidden in New York. A live exotic hunt! It's a cool idea, though I do think there should have been an in-game component to the reward as well, and it's also a little strange that the people who solved the puzzle are probably not the ones who get to keep the spear, since there's only one in one specific spot. A neat concept to be sure, and certainly not anything that was expected, buuuut an in-game prize for riddle-solvers or the community as a whole would have been nice too. Follow me on Twitter and Facebook. Pre-order my new sci-fi novel Herokiller, and read my first series, The Earthborn Trilogy, which is also on audiobook.
Ring Doorbells carried major security glitch until recently, according to reports
 The smart doorbells, which allow users to watch what's happening at their front door through an app on their smartphones, were accessible to users who didn't have the most up-to-date password. It has emerged in a report by The Information that Ring's software was allowing users to continue to watch the doorbell feed even after the password was changed. If a user was logged in while the password was changed, the user simply remained logged in. This meant that old users who were no longer necessarily living at a location could still spy on what was happening right outside the front door. The issue emerged after a man realised his ex-boyfriend was still watching their doorbell feed. According to Ring Doorbells, the issue was fixed in January, and the company has since been bought by Amazon for no less than $1billion. However, users of Ring Doorbells should still take note... According to TechCrunch, once you change your password — users on the old password will be kicked off, but not right away. Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff said the process will still take a few hours, as to kick old users off immediately would slow down the app. Hit PLAY to try out something brand new...
 
Ring doorbell flaw lets others watch after password changes
 You'd expect a smart doorbell to instantly boot out everyone the moment you change your password, but that isn't necessarily the case.  The Information has learned that the app for Ring's video doorbell wasn't forcing users to sign-in after password changes, regardless of how much time had elapsed -- in one case, an ex-partner had been watching the camera for months.  Ring said it started kicking people out in January, after receiving word of the incident, but that window of opportunity still lasted several hours in an Information test. The issue, as you might guess, is that the window exists in the first place.  Someone with a still-valid login could not only spy on whatever's happening, but download videos.  The same incident that prompted the change also included phantom rings in the middle of the night. The flaw provides something of a headache for Amazon, which only acquired Ring in February.  If it's going to use Ring's doorbells as part of delivery solutions like Amazon Key, it needs to know that the devices are reasonably secure against exploits like this.  This is also a reminder that smart home security needs to be particularly tight -- a loose policy can easily lead to privacy violations. It combines a boxer engine with Toyota hybrid tech. You can win $50,000 and two tickets to the show's finale. At one point, the camera was exposed for months. It comes as the EV maker is dealing with crash investigations. They asked Amazon if it collects kids' data and if third parties can access the info.
Surveillance video shows iPhone exploding, catching fire in store
 Proud Partner of the NCN Network  BREAKING NEWS   PROGRAM ALERT (LAS VEGAS) — Surveillance video shows an iPhone exploding and catching fire in a Las Vegas store. In the video from Friday, an employee of the unidentified store is seen working at a desk, with the phone to the left. A cloud of smoke appears before visible flames shoot up from the phone. The employee is seen jumping up and running to the side as soon as the explosion occurs before grabbing a phone in the front of the store to make a call. While this happens, the flames die down as the phone burns out quickly. ABC affiliate KTNV reports the phone was in the store to have its screen replaced after it cracked when the battery expanded from the heat. A store representative told KTNV that the phone was an iPhone 6+. No one was injured in the incident, according to KTNV. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. © 2018 Sandhills Express (KCNI|KBBN), Flood Broadcasting, Inc., Flood Communications, LLC and Red Beacon Communications, LLC. All rights reserved. Republishing, rebroadcasting, rewriting, redistributing prohibited. | Privacy, Coyright, Legal Info
Apple MacBook keyboard issue prompts lawsuit
 CNET también está disponible en español. Don't show this again Unresponsive keys? If compressed air doesn't work, try an attorney (that seems to be the plaintiffs' approach). On its website, Apple talks up the butterfly mechanism.  If you're having problems with your MacBook keyboard, you're not alone. And now the issue may be heading to court. A class-action complaint filed Friday says people who bought a MacBook or MacBook Pro equipped with Apple's "butterfly" keyboard "face a constant threat of nonresponsive keys and accompanying keyboard failure" and accuses Apple of failing to alert consumers about the issue. Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. The lawsuit, filed in Northern California's US District Court, follows blog posts, tweets, support-forum comments, a Change.org petition, and even a satirical song and video about the allegedly janky keyboards. Apple introduced its "butterfly" switch in 2015, on the 12-inch MacBook. The bit of hardware replaced the traditional "scissor" mechanism below each key and was meant to be more stable, responsive and comfortable (as Apple says on its site). For some users, though, things apparently haven't worked out that way. People have complained about having to go a week or more without their computer while Apple replaced not just the unresponsive key, but a substantial part of their MacBook. And that was if their laptop was still under warranty. Others, less fortunate, have said the out-of-warranty fix can set you back $700. Critics say Apple has been less-than-responsive about the problem. In June, the company's customer-support team posted a webpage outlining how to clean the keyboard using a can of compressed air (some folks say that doesn't always work, or that the problem recurs). In March, reports surfaced about Apple filing a patent for a crumb-resistant MacBook keyboard. The keyboard lawsuit, posted by Apple Insider, which reported on it earlier, calls out MacBooks from 2015 or later and MacBook Pros from 2016 or later, and it says thousands of consumers have run into the defect. The suit seeks class-action status and, among other things, asks that Apple be compelled to "provide adequate disclosure of the defective nature of the MacBooks" and "return to Plaintiffs and Class members all costs attributable to remedying or replacing defective MacBook laptops, including but not limited to economic losses from the purchase of replacement laptops." Girard Gibbs Ltd., the legal firm representing the plaintiffs, has a webpage about the "butterfly" keyboard issue. The firm didn't return a call seeking additional comment. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs explain why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. 'Hello, humans': Google's Duplex could make Assistant the most lifelike AI yet. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.